# MEKAKUCITY TALKERS 第一幕

## 中文自译

<p align="center">
`目隐团聊天室`  
</p>
<p align="Right">
**Kano**  
设置完成啦～  
大家～看到这个聊天室了吗～？  
我应该已经邀请了所有人了吧～？
</p>
**Shintaro**  
嚯～呀(◜∀◝)
<p align="center">
`Kido退出了聊天室`  
</p>

## 日文原档

```
【メカクシ団チャットルーム】
Kano：
設定完了～っと
みんな～見れてる～？
っていうか、ちゃんと招待できてるのかな～？
Shintaro:
おぃ～っす(◜∀◝)
```

## 英文搬运

Mekakushi-dan Chatroom

Kano: The settings are complete~. Everyone~, are you seeing this~? Actually, did I even manage to invite everybody?

Shintaro: Oi~ssu (´ ∀ `)

Kano: Oh? A member that easily gets into the mood has appeared, huh~! Oi~ssu!

Shintaro: Kano-kyun, thanks for inviting me into the chat, nyan. ♡

Kano: …eh? Wait. That icon… you’re Shintaro-kun, right?

Shintaro: Yep. (・`ω・´) *resolute*

Kano: No. Wait. This is hard to grasp. Isn’t that Ene-chan playing a prank?

Shintaro: It’s really me. ( ✌ ’ω’)✌ Mekakushi-dan member number 7, Shintaro~ ☆

Kano: No… hum… I see. I get it… you spend so much time in the internet that you’ve forgotten how to use normal words, right…?

Shintaro: No, I can talk normally.

Kano: You can?!

Shintaro: I thought that fixing myself a character was important here.

Kano: You should have done that from the start!

Shintaro: There are ten of us, right!? If I don’t act enthusiastic, I’ll be outshone!

Kano: You ended up standing out in a bad light and made it hard to interact with you instead!

Shintaro: Don’t get so worked up. More importantly, what happened? You suddenly put us in a chatroom.

Kano: You changed the topic magnificently well, huh.

Shintaro: We can talk anytime, right? And there’s also the guys living in the hideout with you.

Kano: Man~. You don’t understand, do you, Shintaro-kun~? This is something that everyone has been doing nowadays, right? You can send these more easily than e-mails. It’s perfect for having conversations with friends!

Shintaro: Is it?

Kano: Shintaro-kun, you’ve exchanged e-mails with friends before, right?

Shintaro: No. Actually, I don’t even know the e-mail addresses of you guys.

Kano: Eh, huh? Ah~, well, this kind of thing happens too~. S-See, what about phone calls!?

Shintaro: My history only has my mum and Momo.

Kano: What about SNS…?

Shintaro: Eh, you guys use SNS? You haven’t given me your IDs, though.

Kano: No, look. You just have to learn how to use this!

Shintaro: No, you guys give me your SNS.

Kano: Anyway! Let’s have fun chatting here!

Shintaro: Like I said, your SNS…

Kano: I don’t know!!!

Shintaro: Eh? Kano, could it be that you also…?

Kano: No one has given me… their SNS.

Shintaro: No… one…

Kano: They also often don’t answer the phone. Before I realized it, Kido had even changed her e-mail address. So I had been wondering if I’d be able to talk to everyone if it were in a chatroom…

Shintaro: ALL RIIIIIGHT, ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT!!! Chatrooms are really fun, huh?!!! Tell me a lot more about them!!!

Kano: Shintaro-kun…

Shintaro: Hey, let’s forget what we talked about regarding each other until this point, yeah? From now on, we just gotta make a glamorous SNS life, just the two of us… y’know.

Kano: Shi-Shintaro-kuun…!!

Shintaro: Hehe, how about we start a nice talk right away? Well, what kind of conversations do people usually have?

Kano: Erm, according to a magazine I read… they ask others to go get the eggs that they forgot to buy, or get the milk that they forgot to buy, or the sugar…

Shintaro: Isn’t that a housewife?! No, you… what kind of magazines do you normally read? It’s not glamorous at all.

Kano: Eh~? Is that so? I think it’s convenient for when Kido forgets to buy something and ask Seto to get it when he’s coming back home from his part-time job, though.

Shintaro: You guys are pretty absorbed in your own domestic life… Isn’t there anything else? Something like what girls talk about…

Kano: Eh~, like… “My God~! How super cute~! ☆” or something?

Shintaro: Eh?

Kano: “This pancake is super cute~! ♡” or something?

Shintaro: Hm? Don’t people usually say it’s “delicious”?

Kano: No, I don’t get it very well, but it seems girls have conversations like this.

Shintaro: Girls do that?

Kano: Yes, girls do that.

Shintaro: If girls talk like this, there’s no helping it. All right, Shintaro-san will try it too!

Kano: Oh! I’ve been waiting!

Shintaro: Toilet paper is cute~ ♡

Kano: Hm? Why toilet paper?

Shintaro: Well, I’m using the toilet at the moment.

Kano: You don’t have to explain that kinda stuff!

Shintaro: You’re the one who asked! Well, but I’m able to talk on even when I’m in the toilet… so, doesn’t that mean I’ve mastered this chat thing?

Kano: Ah~, hum, well, that’s true, huh?

Shintaro: All right! I’ll continue sending messages from the toilet!

Kano: No, get out of there!! It gives off a disgusting feeling!! I don’t wanna chat with someone who’s in the toilet!!

Shintaro: Hey, hey, I’ve done my best all the way up to this point.

Kano: You don’t have to give this kind of report! No, wait a minute. You mean that, from the very start until now, you were in the toilet!?

Shintaro: Okay, hold on. Coming out now.

Kano: By “coming out”, you mean that you’ll come out of the toilet, right? Right? I’m begging you, don’t be so quiet!

Shintaro: My bad, just came out.

Kano: You came out!? It came out!?

Shintaro: Oh? Looks like we can also send pictures through this chatroom.

Kano: Stop. Seriously, stop. I’m gonna eat after this, so for real, stop it!!!

Shintaro: Hey, calm down. See, there are apps specifically for sending images, right? With gleam on them and whatnot.

Kano: Ah~, that’s right. SNS has it too~.

Shintaro: I sometimes see those. I wonder how people take them.

Kano: Indeed, even when it’s selfies, they’re glittery.

Shintaro: Where do people sell cameras that can take shots like those?

Kano: Hu~m… Ah, see, some cameras have “skin tone correction” written on them, right? Surely people use that function to make their skin seem cleaner, I guess?

Shintaro: Meaning that, the more skin is shown, the prettier it becomes!?

Kano: There’s a high possibility of that…

Shintaro: Hm? Wait. What about the gleam in places other than the skin?

Kano: Hm~, it’s not like people produce light on their own…

Shintaro: I see.

Kano: Shintaro-kun? Could it be you figured something out?

Shintaro: It’s lamp bulbs. People tie them around their bodies to produce light.

Kano: Eh…? Shintaro-kun is a genius…?

Shintaro: Stop that. It’s a simple trick.

Kano: All right! Now the only thing left is the place!

Shintaro: No, wait. Isn’t it somewhat early to make merry?

Kano: What’s that… supposed to mean…?

Shintaro: Stylish cafés… just this is enough of a hint.

Kano: Hah! That’s right, what stupid things I was saying… Cafés mean going outside… and Shintaro-kun is…

Shintaro: Right. It’s a tall wall for a NEET like me. Haha, how pitiful it is to chicken out after coming this far…

Kano: Shintaro-kun, are you really okay with that? Are you fine with being this way?

Shintaro: Kano, you…

Kano: If we don’t ever give up our dreams, even we… can post glittery pictures and become popular with SNS! We can master chatting and become a winner duo that will receive the acknowledgement of the other members as well!

Shintaro: Sorry, Kano.

Kano: Shintaro-kun, no way…!

Shintaro: I had forgotten something important… I… We won’t give up the future… until we’ve taken shiny selfies in a stylish café, that is!

Kano: Shintaro-kun…!!!

Shintaro: Since it’s settled, we gotta look for a shop. Cat café, pancake café, organic lunch café… I’m lost. There are countless of them.

Kano: Don’t fret, Shintaro-kun.

Shintaro: Well, I know. I have a lot of time. I’m a NEET, after all.

Kano: Hehe… Shintaro-kun is sorta cool today.

Shintaro: Stop that, you’re embarrassing me. Oh, there are ranch cafés too.

Kano: Eh, but stylish cafés are better…

Shintaro: They give off a feeling of liberation. For pictures with people in them, a feeling of liberation is important for the subject of the photograph.

Kano: Is that so, Genius?

Shintaro: Stop it… Cows, sheep, horses… We’ll have them stage for our feeling of liberation.

Kano: It’s decided… huh. Now, things will get busy from this point on, Shintaro-kun.

Shintaro: Don’t get exhausted on the way, Kano.

Kano: You too.

Shintaro: Hahaha…

Kano: Huhuhu…

---

Kano: As a result of this talk, the first thing is that Shintaro-kun and I tied light bulbs around our naked bodies and there’s a photo that we took with a ranch as background. Kido, wanna see it too?

Kido-san has logged out.
