# MEKAKUCITY TALKERS 第二幕

## 日文原档

略。

## 中文自译

略。

## 英文搬运

Mekakushi-dan Chatroom

Momo: Hello~! Uwah! The sentences are showing up! Ama~zing! It’s like I’m speaking! KI-SA-RA-GI MO-MO ( ☝ ͡ ° ਊ ͡ °)☝

Kido: You seem to be having fun, Kisaragi.

Momo: Waaaah! Da-Danchou-san! For how long have you been watching me!?

Kido: From the get-go.

Momo: Man~! Then why didn’t you talk to me~!?

Kido: You had started something out before I could talk. I thought I shouldn’t get in your way.

Momo: Please don’t mind what I did earlier… More importantly, good timing!

Kido: What, you have some business with me?

Momo: Fufufu~… I found something nice in the street a while ago.

Kido: “Something nice”?

Momo: Something really pretty and cute! I thought about showing it to you, Danchou-san, so I took a picture! I decided to use this chat, since it was already made, to show it to you!

Kido: Is that so? I kind of don’t get it very well, but if you’re thinking about showing it to me, then do it.

Momo: E~rm… How do we send photos in here? Is it with this button? A weird indicator just appeared… P-Please wait a bit~. Erm, here is where the kaomoji are, so… ei! ( ☝ ͡ ° ਊ ͡ °)☝ Huh?

Kido: You don’t have to write everything down, y’know? Also, no need to hurry. It’s not like I have anything to do. On second thought, “something cute”, huh…? Is it a cat? Or maybe a dog?

Momo: Eh? Why?

Kido: Ah, no reason. It’s not like I’m curious. I just thought of putting my imagination to work.

Momo: Ehehe, Danchou-san, you do like cute things after all.

Kido: O fon’t. *I don’t. I don’t really.

Momo: Eh~? Is that so~? But unfortunately, it’s not a cat or dog.

Kido: I see… You’d said it was something pretty. Is it a flower?

Momo: Ah~, wrong~. Do you like flowers?

Kido: You’re mista—I don’t. No… It’s not as if I don’t like them.

Momo: Which is it?! Man~, you don’t have to hide it, y’know? Danchou-san, you’re so shy~

Kido: Don’t tease me. I just have doubtful thoughts about them.

Momo: Ye~s, I understand~.

Kido: In the end, what’s the picture of?

Momo: Fufu, then I’ll give a hint. Decisively, it’s a living being!

Kido: The range of that is too wide so it’s not “decisive” at all… Then again, a living being that can be found by the road, huh? Pretty and cute… Is it a bird?

Momo: Ah~! Close one! You’re not getting it right at all~

Kido: This was also wrong? But there’s no other animal in the streets…

Momo: There is~

Kido: Kisaragi, are you still not gonna send the photo?

Momo: Hu~n, I have a feeling it will take just a little more~. Is it this button? Ei! ( ☝ ͡ ° ਊ ͡ °)☝

Kido: Now that we’ve come this far, I’ve gotten interested. Tell me the answer before you send the picture.

Momo: Eh? You’ll hear it out~?

Kido: Yeah, I don’t mind it. Just what kind of living thing is it?

Momo: Understood! Then I shall tell you! A pretty and cute living being by the roadside! The answer is~

Kido: “The answer is”…?

Momo: The right guess was “a bug”! My, you got close with “bird”~! Since birds eat bugs! Ah! It seems the photo is about to be sent so I’m sending it right no~w.

Kido: pleadr dyopp

Momo: Eh?

Kido: *Please stop. Stop it.

Momo: Huh?

Kido: You don’t have to send it. You absolutely don’t have to send it.

Momo: Eeh!? It’s really pretty and cute, y’know!? It was probably a rainbow shield bug, I guess~. It’s an especially famous insect even in Japan! Their shades of green and orange are awesome.

Kido: It’s fine!!! Just your feelings are enough.

Momo: Eh~, why?! Didn’t you say earlier that you were interested?! If a cute bug is no good… then I’ll send a picture of a cool bug I saw lately! One that is a lot like the tailless Tanzanian giant whip scorpion.

Kido: Kisaragi!! Just forget the photos!! Let’s quit this topic!!

Momo: Ah, could it be you don’t like bugs? I’m sorry for not realizing it… Every now and then, I hear of people who are no good with bugs.

Kido: No, it’s not like I’m no good with them. It’s just that there are times when I’m not in the mood to look at them.

Momo: Then, in exchange, how about frogs?

Kido: KISARAGI!!!!!!! Please, stop it. I’m begging.

Momo: W-What’s the matter, Danchou-san? Could it be you’re feeling unwell or something?

Kido: T-That’s right. I’m a bit sick today. I’m sorry, but it doesn’t seem like I’ll be able to look at your pictures.

Momo: Was that so…? I took a really cute one of the frog…

Kido: About the photo, that’s right… how about you show it to Seto? Wouldn’t he be pleased? See, he’s into the color green, and it seems he’d be fond of frogs and the like, doesn’t it?

Momo: Aah, that’s true! Seto-san also knows the names of rare reptiles, and our conversations match~. I’ll show it to Seto-san!

Kido: Yeah. Do that.

Momo: Ehehe.

Kido: What? What’s up all of a sudden? It’s not that I hate or am scared of bugs or anything like it. I simply said that showing it to someone who would be more pleased was better. Don’t misunderstand in a weird way.

Momo: Ah, you got it wrong. I’m happy! I’d never had a carefree talk in a chatroom like this until now.

Kido: Kisaragi…

Momo: Being able to announce casual things such as cute stuff I found in the city and whatnot makes me really happy!

Kido: Yeah, that’s right. I am also having fun talking with you like this. From now on, too, come talk to me casually in the chatroom.

Momo: Thank you very much! Whenever I find something cute, I’ll take a picture and contact you as soon as possible!

Kido: You don’t need to show me that. I’ll listen to what you have to say, so don’t take photos.

Momo: Is that so…? But I just took a lot of them, y’know? I wanted to show you the images I got of bugs until now…

Kido: Leave them to Seto.

Momo: Eh?

Kido: See, he has things that resemble the eyes of a bug in his hood. Surely he’s keen of insects.

Momo: Now that you’ve mentioned it, you’re right.

Kido: Send them to him in a separate chat.

Momo: I will! I have a huge stock! About 100 just from different angles!

A few days later...

Seto: To tell the truth, I’ve been receiving a lot of photos of bugs all the time from Kisaragi-san lately, even when I’m eating or sleeping. Did I do anything that made her angry…?

Kano: What’s with that? Scary.
