# MEKAKUCITY TALKERS 第三幕

## 中文自译

<p align="center">
`目隐团聊天室`  
</p>
**Hibiya**  
<p align="Right">
**？？**  

</p>
**Hibiya**  

</p>
<p align="Right">
**？？**  

**Ene**  
</p>

<p align="center">
`Hibiya退出了聊天室`  
</p>


## 日文原档

略。

## 英文搬运

Mekakushi-dan Chatroom

Hibiya: Anyone! Isn’t there anyone around!? Help!

??: What’s wrong? Are you okay?

Hibiya: Aah, thank goodness! It is an emergency! I do not know who you are, but please help me out!

??: Oops. To think I’d do something like this… I forgot to set up my username and picture.

Ene: All~ right! This Ene-chan shall grant your wish by any means!

Hibiya: Change with someone!

Ene: Hah!? What’s with that?! Do you have any problem with the hyper super pretty virtual girl Ene-chan?!?

Hibiya: Anyone else!? Isn’t there anyone else around!?

Ene: Speaking of which, it seems no one has come today, huh~

Hibiya: What about Shintaro!?

Ene: Master is usually here, right~? Now that you mentioned it, I haven’t seen him since earlier. Isn’t he in the toilet or something?

Hibiya: Then he’ll come back soon!?

Ene: No, Master will probably take one more hour.

Hibiya: Haah!? An hour in the toilet!? What the heck!?

Ene: Master also has his own issues… By the way, hasn’t it been a while? You were forced to go back to your town, weren’t you?

Hibiya: No, I just went back like normal. Well~, how can I put it? I feel like returning home? I’ll be living in the city in the future~, so if I think of this as my last time living in the countryside, it’s not bad, I guess~? Something like that.

Ene: Aren’t you having too big of a misunderstanding after having come to the city just one time?!

Hibiya: I-It’s not a misunderstanding! I really am thinking of taking the admission exam of a middle school from Tokyo and I’m getting ready for it!

Ene: Are you seriously planning to live in Tokyo!? Isn’t that great~?! From now on, you’ll be able to see everyone right away, huh?!

Hibiya: Well, about that… I gotta begin studying for the middle school admission exam~, so I don’t have time to fool around with the… “Mekakuso-dan”, was it~?

Ene: H-H-Hold on! This is a way of making a mistake that you shouldn’t get behind! It’s ME-KA-KU-SHI-dan, you see!!

Hibiya: Sorry, sorry, I typed wrong. But, well, shouldn’t everyone else also quit these embarrassing activities and start contemplating their future by now~? It’s what I think.

Ene: G-Guh…

Hibiya: You, too, are a “virtual girl”, right? Shouldn’t you graduate from that already?

Ene: Y-You…! That’s a bit too cocky! My appearance is of a physically weak and lovely girl, but even Ene-chan can get angry! For starters, there’s something called “respect” that you should have for older people.

Hibiya: What, should I refer to you as “Auntie”?

Ene: Uuhn!? You picking a fight!?

Hibiya: Uwah! S-Stop ringing up my phone’s vibrator! Hiih! Somehow, a ton of mail is arriving from weird places!! A lot of messages like “thank you for your membership” are coming to me!! I’m sorry, I’m sorry!!

Ene: It’s fine as long as you get it. As long as you get it. Or, rather, what was your business in the end? Why don’t you go study since you love it so much and then hurry to bed? *spit, spit*

Hibiya: R-Right, I had forgotten. I’m… locked up.

Ene: Hah? That’s… like an incident? Like kidnapping? Bad guys!? Hey, it’s no time to be doing this! Please help, Master~!! No, police~!!

Hibiya: Sorry to interrupt while you’re so ecstatic, but it’s not an incident or kidnapping.

Ene: Is that so? If it’s not an incident or kidnapping, then is it a strange phenomenon…? Or you’re being offered as live sacrifice…?

Hibiya: Your prejudice against the countryside is too horrible!

Ene: If it’s not something like that, then what is it?

Hibiya: Well, my family is pretty strict, you see. I told my parents that I was gonna take an admission exam for a Tokyo middle school, and they completely opposed to it. When I woke up in the morning, I was inside our warehouse…

Ene: Aah, that’s what it was… Then, do your best.

Hibiya: Wait a minute! This phone is my only salvation!!

Ene: Your parents are severe, huh? You were quite forfeited, huh~?

Hibiya: This is just ‘cause I finally managed to get my hands on a much-wished-for cellphone! I hide it in my pants when I go to sleep so that my parents won’t find out and so that I don’t leave it out of my reach!

Ene: Uwah…

Hibiya: I was also able to receive heat from the warm phone in my pants, even from within this cold shack!

Ene: Hieh…

Hibiya: Hey, you can move into phones, right? Come to mine!

Ene: Eh~. Isn’t it a long journey to go all the way there~? It’s pretty far, right~?

Hibiya: I don’t know how it works, but through electromagnetic waves, it takes only an instant, right!?

Ene: Kaah~! This is why children nowadays are so…! You think anything can be solved with electromagnetic waves! You won’t become a proper adult in the future!

Hibiya: You’re going there!?

Ene: In the first place, it’s better if I don’t go.

Hibiya: Eh, why?

Ene: Won’t people find out you have a phone if we talk?

Hibiya: Aah, is that so…?

Ene: Also, I don’t wanna go to a phone that was in someone’s pants.

Hibiya: Doesn’t that have nothing to do with it?

Ene: It’s a matter of feelings!

Hibiya: Man! That doesn’t matter! You’ll help me, right!?

Ene: Eh~? Are you okay with that way of asking~?

Hibiya: Uwah, what a handful…

Ene: Eh? What? You want someone to help you? Hm? What do they look like? Super pretty?

Hibiya: Hey~, that doesn’t matter at all!

Ene: Eh? You want her to help you? The Super Pretty Who-sama?

Hibiya: Ah~, man, I get it already! Super Pre-something Ene-sama, please help me!

Ene: Hmm~? I’m a bit concerned about the way you put it. Really, no choice~! This super pretty virtual girl Ene-sama will help you! So? How’s the situation of the interior?

Hibiya: E~rm… there’s only one door in the warehouse. It’s got a locker with a number code.

Ene: That’s a weird warehouse, huh~. Can it be opened from within?

Hibiya: Hn, looks like it… They said, “if you want to take the middle school exam, try solving this mystery”. There’s a paper with something like a cipher written on it. I think that, if I solve it, I’ll definitely find out the numbers for the locker.

Ene: Your parents are quite the entertainers, huh…?

Hibiya: Can I write down the cipher?

Ene: Hum, show it to me.

Hibiya: E~rm… “change the initial letters into numbers: 12/31 12/25 2/14” is what it says.

Ene: Hoh~, I see, I see.

Hibiya: How is it?

Ene: ……speaking of this, Master is late, huh~? Does he have a stomach ache or something~? This is that kind of thing, right~? He’s a good-for-nothing when I’m not around, right~? He’s calling, he’s calling~. I gotta go~.

Hibiya: See~! You totally didn’t get it! In the end, I should have asked someone else!

Ene: Oh~? Are you okay with this kind of attitude!? I could sneak into your phone and spread the~se and even tho~se kinds of pictures all over the chatroom!

Hibiya: That’s a terrible guess to make! Actually, can you do something that terrifying!? Just… Just cut me some slack with that.

Ene: Huhu~n? By this reaction, you also have nasty photos, don’t you~? Eek, eek, men are all like that~

Hibiya: “Nasty”, you say!? Rude!! My “This is Hiyori Mobile” is the ultimate image folder that pursues sophisticated beauty!

Ene: The name is gross!! You sure had courage to name it like that, huh!?

Hibiya: It’s because I dedicate my life to it!! This is nothing!! My lock screen, e-mail address and ringtone have Hiyori-related specifications! Even my password is Hiyori’s birthday!

Ene: Isn’t that a police case?!! In the end, it’s better if you stay locked in that shack!! Hm? “Birthday”?

Hibiya: What? Got a problem with This is Hiyori Mobile or something!?

Ene: The name is gross! No, no, more important than that…! I found out the answer!

Hibiya: Eh? What?

Ene: These are dates!

Hibiya: Haah?

Ene: 12/31 is Oomisoka, right? If we assume that its initial is the English letter “o”, it would look like the number “zero”!

(T/N: Oomisoka or Ootsugomori is the name of New Year’s celebration, also used as a synonym for New Year’s Eve in Japanese.)

Hibiya: T-Then, 12/25 is Christmas, isn’t it? If the initial is “ku”, that means it becomes 9 if transcribed into a number?

(T/N: “Christmas” is written as “kurisumasu” in katakana, and “ku” is one of the readings of the number 9.)

Ene: That’s it! And 2/14 is Valentine! The “ba” definitely stands for 8!

(T/N: “Valentine” is written as “barentain” in katakana. “Ba” is close to “ha” and “pa”, which are syllables associated with the number 8, which reads as “hachi”.)

Hibiya: W-Wait a bit! I’ll try to match the key numbers!

Ene: H-How was it?

Hibiya: I

Ene: “I”?

Hibiya: I got out~!!

Ene: Yeeeaaah!! Did you see that!? This is my power!! Ayo, ayo, please praise me grandly!!

Hibiya: I-It’s frustrating, but you did end up helping me… thanks.

Ene: No, no, I don’t need gratitude~! You don’t have to call me Ene-sama from now on~! Or to keep on talking forever about how you are alive due to Ene-sama, no way, no way~!

Hibiya: No, I didn’t say that much… Ah! My father is in front of the warehouse!

Ene: Ooh! Meaning that he was waiting because he believed in his son!? How touching! With this, they will allow you to take the exam!

Hibiya: Yeah!

Ene: Hm? Hey–Wait a moment! Is it all right for you to be typing this down? You were hiding from your parents that you had a phone… O~i………

Hibiya has logged out.

Ene: Aah…
