# MEKAKUCITY TALKERS 第四幕

## 日文原档

前略。
```
Seto：
せっかくマリーから貰ったんすよ！
マリーだって悩んで選んでくれたかもしれないのに！
Shintaro：
しゃらくせぇよ！！
お焚き上げ一択だろ！！
Seto：
でも…
呪いなんてそもそも関係ないかもしれないっす…
Shintaro：
まぁ…
冷静に考えりゃそうかもしれねぇが…
Seto：やっぱり他に原因があると思うっす
Shintaro：
うーん
ま、お前かそう言うなら
俺もなにかわかったら連絡するぜ
Seto：
助かるっす
【翌日】
Seto：
シンタローさん
Shintaro：
うわびっくりした
なんで名指しなんだよ
Seto：
さすがシンタローさん
反応がはやいっす
Shintaro：
うるせぇ
そんなことより、カノは見つかったのか
Seto：
そのことなんすけど…
シンタローさん、キド見てませんか
Shintaro：
おい、まさか…
Seto：
キドも…いなくなっちゃったんす
Shintaro：
おいおい…
冗談だろ…
カノに続いてキドまで…
Seto：
シンタローさん…
俺はいったいどうしたら…
やっぱりあの呪いのお面が
みんなを…1人ずつ…！
Shintaro：
お、落ち着け、セト
マリーはアジトにいるんだな？
Seto：
はいっす
Shintaro：
なら、 お前はちゃんと傍にいてやれ
俺が他の奴らを探してみるから
Seto：
シンタローさん…
Shintaro：
気をしっかり持てよ
Seto：
はい…
【翌日】
Shintaro：
セト
おい、セト
生きてるか
Seto：
シンタローさん
Shintaro：
よかった
アジトにいるのか？
Seto：
はい…
でも、もう俺もマリーもダメっす…
どんどん、意識が朦朧として…
Shintaro：
おい、 しっかりしろ！！
まだ諦めるんじゃねぇ！！
Seto：
シンタローさん
もういいんす…
このお面を見てたら思うんすよ
きっともう逃げられないんだって…
Shintaro：
なに言ってんだよ…！
絶対に助かる方法があるはずだ！！
Seto：
ありがとうございます、シンタローさん
でも、もう俺意識が…
Shintaro：
おい！俺も今からアジトへ行くからな！しっかりしろよ！
Seto：
…俺、思うんす
こんな状況っすけど
マリーをひとりにしなくて済んでよかったって…
Shintaro：
セト…？
お、おい…
返事しろよ！
…くそっ、噓だろ！！
せ、セトォォオオオ！！！！！
【モモ、キド】
Momo：
団長さん
体調大丈夫なんですか
Kido：
あぁ
問題ない
Momo：
いや～それにしても
大変でしたねぇ
まさかゴミ屋敷になったアジトから
新種の菌が発生して
出かけた先で倒れて救急車で運ばれて
そのまま入院してたなんて
Kido：
携帯も使えないほどだったからな
心配かけて悪かった
Momo：
いえいえ！無事でよかったです！
Kido：
カノも、もう退院できるそうだ
アジトが片付いているといいんだが…
```

## 中文自译

略。

## 英文搬运

Mekakushi-dan Chatroom

Seto: Hello.

Shintaro: Oi~ssu. Huh, what, it’s Seto?

Seto: Ah, Shintaro-san. Oi~ssussu.

Shintaro: O-Oh… Anyway, it’s pretty rare for you to be here, Seto.

Seto: True. It’s been a while since the last time I wrote anything.

Shintaro: You’re always at your part-time jobs, right?

Seto: Yeah. I read everyone’s conversations afterwards in the… logs? Is that how they’re called?

Shintaro: The thought of being left to be read later makes me wanna die…

Seto: No, no! Shintaro-san, yours are funny! See, just some time ago, Ene-chan made a mistake and shared a video, right? Of Shintaro-san in the bathroom, that is.

Shintaro: STOP!! STOP!!

Seto: With your pants halfway down.

Shintaro: HEY!!!! HEY!!!!!!

Seto: It was hilarious.

Shintaro: Is that so? Thanks… Now please forget it…

Seto: Seeing the chats is fun. Knowing that everyone talks like this makes me happy.

Shintaro: I see. Well, I guess chats aren’t bad? What’re you doing today?

Seto: It’s my day off, so I’m cleaning up the hideout.

Shintaro: You… You’re really serviceable, hey…

Seto: No, it’s been messy lately so it was terrible, and Marry went out for a walk, so…

Shintaro: Ooh, she became able to go out on her own? That’s great.

Seto: I’m happy about it, but… she always comes back with something weird, like flowers and animals.

Shintaro: What, aren’t those cute?

Seto: Also rusty iron scraps, cast-off skins of unidentified living things, frog eggs… moss that emits a nasty smell…

Shintaro: I don’t wanna go to the hideout anymore.

Seto: That’s why I’m cleaning.

Shintaro: Well, do your best. Should I go over to help?

Seto: Eerm… I’m good.

Shintaro: (´ ;ω ; ` )

---

A few days later…

Seto: Is anyone online?

Shintaro: Oh. What’s up, Seto?

Seto: Ah, Shintaro-san. Have you seen Kano?

Shintaro: What’s with this right off the bat? He isn’t in the hideout?

Seto: No.

Shintaro: Speaking of which, I haven’t seen him around here lately. Even though he normally goes into the chatroom about as many times as myself… Did he have an appointment or something?

Seto: Well, actually, he hasn’t come back for the past few days.

Shintaro: Hah? Did he run away from home?

Seto: Even if he did, we don’t know why. He won’t pick up. As expected, he also isn’t coming to the chatroom, huh?

Shintaro: Didn’t he have a fight with Kido or something?

Seto: I was thinking that too, but it seems Kido also has no idea of what’s going on. We haven’t found him despite searching.

Shintaro: Aren’t you pretty calm? Any other hints?

Seto: It’s not like I don’t have any, but…

Shintaro: Oh, try saying it.

Seto: I told you about how Marry had been picking things up lately. To tell the truth, a while ago, she brought me a present. A strange mask that seems like something an ethnic group would wear.

Shintaro: Getting an ethnic mask as a present is incredible, hey…

Seto: It made me happy, though…

Shintaro: You were happy…?

Seto: She’s the kind of girl that doesn’t normally give people gifts or the like.

Shintaro: Oops. Could you stop with any more of this sweet talk? I feel like leaving this chatroom.

Seto: Sorry. May I continue?

Shintaro: Oh, my bad. Please do.

Seto: I put the mask up as a decoration for my room after receiving it… but something about it is off. No matter the angle, I had the feeling it was meeting my gaze.

Shintaro: Hieh

Seto: I got scared, and when I tried doing an internet research… I found out it seems to be a famous ‘Cursed Mask’.

Shintaro: That’s a lie, right…?

Seto: No, I also thought it couldn’t be, but… ever since the mask arrived, Kano has been missing. Maybe it was the curse’s doing…

Shintaro: THAT’S TERRIFYING!!! Throw it away!! Hurry and throw that mask away!!

Seto: I don’t want to! I won’t! Marry went through the trouble of giving it to me! She might’ve had a hard time choosing!

Shintaro: You’re reeking of impertinence!! You only have one option of what to throw into the fire!!

Seto: But… for starters, this might have no relation to curses.

Shintaro: Well… thinking reasonably, maybe not…

Seto: In the end, I think the cause is something else.

Shintaro: H~m… Well, if you say so… I’ll ring you up if I figure anything out.

Seto: That’d be helpful.

---

The next day…

Seto: Shintaro-san.

Shintaro: Uwah, that startled me. Why are you calling my name out directly?

Seto: As expected of Shintaro-san. You’re quick to react.

Shintaro: Shut up. More importantly, did you find Kano?

Seto: About that… Shintaro-san, haven’t you seen Kido?

Shintaro: Hey, don’t tell me…

Seto: Kido also disappeared.

Shintaro: Hey, hey. You’re joking, right? Following Kano, even Kido has…

Seto: Shintaro-san… what on Earth should I do…? So the Cursed Mask really is taking everybody… one by one…!

Shintaro: C-Calm down, Seto. Marry is in the hideout, right?

Seto: Yes.

Shintaro: Then you should properly stay by her side. I’ll try to look for the others.

Seto: Shintaro-san…

Shintaro: Pull yourself together.

Seto: I will…

---

The next day…

Shintaro: Seto. Hey, Seto. You alive?

Seto: Shintaro-san.

Shintaro: Thank goodness. Are you in the hideout?

Seto: Yes. But Marry and I are at the end of our wit already. Our consciousness keeps getting gradually fainter…

Shintaro: Hey, hang on!! Don’t give up yet!!

Seto: Shintaro-san, it’s enough… I think as I look at this mask that we can no longer escape…

Shintaro: What are you saying…!? There should definitely be a way to save you!!

Seto: Thank you very much, Shintaro-san. But my consciousness is already…

Shintaro: Hey!! I’m going to the hideout right now! Stay firm!

Seto: I think that, despite this situation, I’m glad I won’t have to leave Marry alone…

Shintaro: Seto? H-Hey… Answer! Dammit, you’re kidding me, right?!! Se… Setooooooo!!!!!

---

Momo, Kido

Momo: Danchou-san, are you doing all right?

Kido: Yeah. No problems.

Momo: Man~, speaking of which, it sure was terrible, huh? To think that a new type of fungus would sprout in the hideout after it became a garbage dumpster of a house and that you’d collapse after going outside, get carried by an ambulance and be hospitalized just like this.

Kido: I wasn’t even able to use my phone, after all. Sorry for worrying you.

Momo: No, no! I’m glad you’re fine!

Kido: It seems Kano will also be discharged by now. The hideout better be clean, though…
