# MEKAKUCITY TALKERS 第十一幕

## 日文原档

略。

## 中文自译

略。

## 英文搬运

Mekakushi-dan Chatroom

Shintaro: Why? Why did things turn out like this? Aah, dammit. It’s become a disaster. It’s over for me…

Kido: Hey, Shintaro, what’s up with you? Did something happen?

Shintaro: Kido… I… I… don’t believe in anything anymore… I don’t know what I should do.

Kido: Stay calm, Shintaro. This isn’t like you. Chill out.

Shintaro: As if I can stay calm! It’s already the end…

Kido: I don’t know what happened, but if you’re okay with it, I can listen to what you have to say. I’m the leader, after all. What would I do if I weren’t at least able to listen to the members’ troubles?

Shintaro: Kido…

Kido: If something is impossible to solve with the strength of just one person, two people might be able to pull it off if they help each other. Right?

Shintaro: Aah, it’s just as you said… Sorry, I lost my cool.

Kido: I don’t mind it.

Shintaro: Honestly, our leader is so reliable. That’s right, I have comrades. These comrades are called the Mekakushi-dan…

Kido: So, what on Earth happened?

Shintaro: Aah, Kido. Seeing as you are the leader, I have a favor to ask.

Kido: By that attitude, you’re on quite a pinch, huh? I’ll lend you strength.

Shintaro: I’m in your debt. Kido, could you bring some toilet paper over to my restroom?

Kido-san has logged out.

Shintaro: No, it’s really, really, really bad, seriously. Please, please, please, please.

Kido-san has been invited in.
Kido-san has been invited in.
Kido-san has been invited in.

Kido: Don’t keep notifying me over and over. I’ll sue you for chat harassment. People can go out when they please. Though, in your case, it’s more like you’re letting something out.

Shintaro: It’s no time to be talking smart, for real! Weren’t you gonna help a member with his pinch?!!

Kido: I gotta decide on that based on the timing and circumstances, right? What’s with that messed-up favor?

Shintaro: Like I said, I need toilet—

Kido: Enough. Don’t say it all. Either way, you’re in some ridiculous situation where you only realized that you were out of paper after going into the toilet and finishing your business or something like that, aren’t you?

Shintaro: As expected of Danchou. It’s just like you guessed. The cores of toilet papers shouldn’t be so thick. They make you think that there’s still something there.

Kido: You just had to check it when you were going in, right? Honestly, it’s always “toilet this, toilet that” with you. Shouldn’t you pick a different joke material by now?

Shintaro: This ain’t a performance! I’m really in a pinch!

Kido: Isn’t your family home? What about Kisaragi?

Shintaro: No, Mom and Momo are home, but it’s difficult to ask them that.

Kido: Now, shall I log out…

Shintaro: AAAAAAAA. Please, have mercy… please, forgive me…

Kido: It’ll be done with if you just call out to them from the bathroom, right?

Shintaro: I don’t want my family to know!! My lifeline is the chatroom alone…

Kido: You say you don’t want them to know, but Kisaragi is in the chatroom, isn’t she? If you keep talking, she’ll eventually notice.

Shintaro: No, at this time of the day, she’s watching videos of people attempting to do random stuff, so she doesn’t pay attention to the chat. If I erase this log later, we can accomplish the mission without a trace.

Kido: You use your head so wastefully… How about making that speck useful for other things?

Shintaro: Don’t say something so cold. Kido, I’m counting on you!

Kido: You’re a hopeless man. I just got back from shopping. I had bought some toilet paper by chance.

Shintaro: For real!?

Kido: Plus, I’m coincidentally close to your place. Honestly, you’re a lucky guy.

Shintaro: The Heavens sided with me…! My bad, but bring it over as soon as possible! My ass will get dry.

Kido: Don’t report it in detail, it’s gross… ah.

Shintaro: What’s up? Have you arrived?

Kido: I have, but your mother just came out of the house. I had been intending to pretend that I had some business with Kisaragi to make her let me in. No choice. Guess I’ll ring the chime and call Kisaragi.

Shintaro: No, wait! If she finds out that I’m stuck in the toilet and asked for toilet paper, it’ll be over…

Kido: But there’s no option other than explaining the circumstances, right? Why’re you so reluctant?

Shintaro: Some time ago, something like this happened once… Back then, I asked Momo the favor. She did give me the toilet paper, but the scornful eyes she looked at me with… as if she didn’t think of me as anything but meek dirt that accumulated over the corridor… I can’t forget those eyes. I can’t think of it as the kind of gaze someone would direct at their actual older brother…

Kido: How exaggerated. Well, I get it. I’ll think of another way.

Shintaro: Thanks…

Kido: Though, entering someone’s house without permission is awkward. Besides, it’s locked. Any ideas?

Shintaro: The window.

Kido: “Window”? Don’t tell me… The toilet’s window?

Shintaro: I will now squeeze my last ounce of strength to open the lock from inside. Kido, you open the window from the outside, and get the toilet paper in one way or another!

Kido: Looks like this is the only way… Don’t show me anything filthy.

Shintaro: I’ll be careful.

Kido: The toilet’s window is the one to the right side of the door?

Shintaro: Yeah, that’s right.

Kido: Its position is on a higher spot than I had thought… It’d be good if there were something like a pole here…

Shintaro: There’s no way we’d have a pole in our house’s surroundings.

Kido: No, I found one.

Shintaro: We have it? That’s kinda handy.

Kido: The length is also nothing to complain about. I can open the window with this. Unlock it, Shintaro!

Shintaro: All right, here it is. Uoooooh! It’s unlocked!!

Kido: Yeah, I could catch a glimpse of your black hair just now. Quite a shocking image.

Shintaro: Don’t go making improper observations about my hair!

Kido: ‘Kay, now I just gotta use this pole…

Shintaro: Oh! Ooh! It’s little by little, but the window is opening! Seems like just a bit more and the toilet paper will get through! Do your best, Kido!

Kido: Ah.

Shintaro: Hm? What’s going on? Why did you stop?

Kido: This is bad. Looks like the kids of the neighborhood are gonna pass by here. There’s no way I can let them see me like this.

Shintaro: Eh? Hey.

Kido: My bad, Shintaro. Do something about it on your own.

Shintaro: Wai—

Kido: See ya. Will be hoping for your success.

Shintaro: Wait up.

Kido-san has logged out.

Shintaro: No, there was no need for you to log out, right?!!!! Also, use your ability!!!! I wanted!!!! You to have at least closed the window!!!!

Momo: Huh ? Onii-chan, you’re in the toilet? Don’t you wanna get out of there already?

Shintaro: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA

Shintaro-san has logged out.
