# MEKAKUCITY TALKERS 第十三幕

## 日文原档

略。

## 中文自译

略。

## 英文搬运

Mekakushi-dan Chatroom

Kano: Is anyone here~? As expected, everyone is asleep at this time.

Ene: Oya, oya, oya~? You’re up pretty late, huh~

Kano: Huh~? Ene-chan too! What’cha doing at these hours?

Ene: Well~, I was playing a daily routine game and ended up completely absorbed. When I realized, it was already this late~. My, my, this is embarrassing even!

Kano: Eeh!? Same for me!

Ene: Eh? Same!? You also stay up till the dead of the night gaming!?

Kano: Yep, yep. I’ve been hooked lately~. The more you play that one, the least notion you have of the right timing to stop, right~?

Ene: Oh~? That way of talking means you’re also pretty good at it, huh~?

Kano: No, no. I’m still not quite there. My friends are always saving me.

Ene: By “friends”, could it be you mean that online game?

Kano: Yup! Do you know it? It’s been the topic lately. That role-playing game where you can hold competitions even via smartphone.

Ene: Eh, might this be the one that Imouto-chan appears in the CM?

Kano: Yep, yep! The CM where Kisaragi-chan is wearing a silly, flabby rice cake-like cosplay and gets inside the game.

Ene: That nonsensical CM in which she shares rice cake with an enemy she encounters and befriends it, right?

Kano: This one, this one~. The CM was like that, but the game is super interesting~

Ene: There are plenty of avatar types and the graphics are pretty!

Kano: I toooootally get it. Huh, Uhm? Don’t tell me, Ene-chan, you too!?

Ene: Yes, I have nothing to hide, for I am also completely hooked!

Kano: Is that so~? Eh, eh, I’m so happy~. To think I’d meet a comrade in a place like this…!

Ene: That refreshing feeling of when you defeat a foe! The effects built up to the smallest details! A careful story development! It’s been a long time since a game had me so thrilled~!

Kano: That’s right~! I’d never played many tournament games, but anyhow, the story is good and the background is deep~

Ene: The more you play games like that, the tastier they get, huh~

Kano: My, I’m so glad~. To think there was someone I could talk about it like this so close by!

Ene: Even though it has a befriend feature, in the end, it’s way more enjoyable to play with someone you know!

Kano: Agreed. The friends I got to meet in the game are great and all, but sometimes, weird people show up~

Ene: Ah, I know! I also have one that I’m no good at dealing with.

Kano: Heeh, how are they like?

Ene: Well, about that, it’s clearly a man, but he acts kind of like a girl, you see~

Kano: Ah~, the so-called Nekama? There are people like that, right~? If they’re gonna act Nekama-like, they gotta do it more properly.

Ene: This person is very obvious. He doesn’t understand anything about how girls think. It’s that kind of thing. He’s definitely the type who dreams with a girl older than him.

Kano: I see~. To be honest, I also have just one~. A friend who I just can’t come to a consent with no matter what.

Ene: Hoho~u? What kind of person are they?

Kano: They sorta give off the feeling of a game otaku? They’re strong, but they’re kinda condescending. They’re definitely the type that doesn’t have many friends.

Ene: There sure are people like this~!

Kano: Well, though I say this, they do help me out a lot, so they are a good person on one side.

Ene: My Nekama friend too. He seems like a beginner, but he has good manners, so I don’t think he’s a bad person~

Kano: Ah, then, how about we contact the guy? That friend of yours!

Ene: Ah~! If I’m not wrong, an exclusive call feature was added to that game yesterday, right?

Kano: Unlike in a chatroom, you might get to know the other party better!

Ene: That’s indeed true. Even if they’re someone we dislike, if we join our forces and fight together, we might get along, right!?

Kano: I kinda got some courage after reading these words! Tomorrow, I’ll do my utmost to call my friend too!

Ene: Well said! That’s also what a man is about! Let’s do this, in order for both of us to lead an even better game life!

Kano: Let’s do our best~!

Ene: Oh~!

---

The next day…

Shintaro: I was just thinking “it’s kinda quiet today~”. Are Ene and Kano not around?

Kido: Ah, if it’s Kano, it looks like he’s gonna make an internet call in a game that he’s been into lately, so he said he would catch up with his sleep.

Shintaro: Ah~, speaking of which, I have the feeling Ene also said something similar. The two of them gaming, huh? They’re so easygoing.

Kido: What’s that? You lonely, Shintaro?

Shintaro: Shaddap. By the way, those two play the same game, right? What if they’re already friends there?

Kido: This world is small. Something like that might also happen.

Shintaro: Well, as one would expect, there’s no way that’s the case, right~
