# MEKAKUCITY TALKERS 第十四幕

## 日文原档

略。

## 中文自译

略。

## 英文搬运

Mekakushi-dan Chatroom

Momo: Hibiya-ku~n. Hi~bi~ya~ku~n. So he really isn’t here?

Konoha: What’s wrong?

Momo: Ah, Konoha-san.

Konoha: Hibiya isn’t around?

Momo: About that… Hiyori-chan told me via mail. It seems he hasn’t shown up in school for a while now.

Konoha: That’s really worrisome…

Momo: Looks like he was taught about the wonders of nature by Seto-san or something and hasn’t come back ever since he went into the woods.

Konoha: He’s been in the woods all this time? Dangerous…

Momo: That’s right! I told Hiyori-chan that she doesn’t have to mind it, but in the end, I’m fretting…

Konoha: Still, he’s not in the chatroom either?

Momo: He’s not answering, after all. There’s no telling whether he’s seeing this or not. His battery might have died. What should we do if he’s about to be eaten by a bear and seeks for help…?

Konoha: I’m going.

Momo: Eh?

Konoha: I’m off to search for Hibiya.

Momo: But, it’s a forest!? There’s things like bears, deers, deers and deers wandering around it, right!? Konoha-san, maybe you could get yourself into a dangerous situation too…!

Konoha: Even if it’s a forest, being there on your own must definitely be lonely. I’ll go pick him up.

Momo: Konoha-san… Please come back safe…!

---

A few hours later…

Konoha: I have a hunch that Hibiya is probably in this area.

Momo: Konoha-san! You’re faster than a bullet train!

Konoha: There he is.

Momo: Now, I wonder where Hibiya is. Eh? He’s there?

Konoha: Found Hibiya.

Momo: Eh, incredibly quick…

Konoha: He’s with a deer.

Momo: Eeh!? Is Hibiya-kun okay!?

Konoha: He seems healthy. He’s wearing nothing but his underwear, though.

Momo: Eh? No way, he’s half-naked?

Konoha: He’ll get chilly from the wind, right?

Momo: Well, but, it’s good that he’s fine! Please try to convince him to come back!

Konoha: ‘Kay. Huh?

Momo: Hm? What happened?

Konoha: He doesn’t answer. Does… Hibiya hate me…?

Momo: That’s not it! This is surely that kind of thing. Hibiya-kun reverted to the wild!

Konoha: “Reverted to the wild”?

Momo: Isn’t this a common thing? Like those stories of people who are raised by animals. Surely, Hibiya-kun had too much contact with animals like deers, deers, deers or deers and forgot language!

Konoha: Hm…? Why’re you obsessing with deers?

Momo: You have to hurry and bring him back to his humanity.

Konoha: Hibiya is looking at his phone.

Momo: Really? Then he might be seeing the chatroom! Hibiya-ku~n! Come out~! Don’t be scared~!

Konoha: Hibiya~, don’t be scared~

Hibiya: Human… leave…

Konoha: Ah! Hibiya!

Momo: I’m so glad! He can type even while having gone feral!

Hibiya: What have you come to do here?

Konoha: Hibiya, the woods are dangerous. Being by yourself is lonely. Let’s go home?

Hibiya: “The woods are dangerous” you say? People who think like that are the ones who are hurting the forests in the first place! Even so, do you still not get it!?

Konoha: No way… I was just trying to…

Momo: Eh, something is starting again?

Hibiya: I have no intention of leaving the woods. I’ll live here… alongside the forest, alongside these countless living beings…

Konoha: Hibiya… but… Aah!

Momo: What’s wrong!?

Konoha: Konoha mounted the deer and offed somewhere…

Hibiya: Don’t come after me anymore!

Momo: Hibiya-kun! You can’t use your smartphone while you ride! It’s dangerous to do that while you’re on a deer!

Konoha: I’ll try chasing after him.

Momo: But it’d be hard to find Hibiya-kun in the woods, where there are so many places to hide.

Konoha: Found him.

Momo: Waah, so fast.

Konoha: He’s watching me from the shadow of a tree.

Momo: He’s being cautious, huh… Konoha-san, since it’s come to this, you have to use the last resort!

Konoha: Yep! I got from Hiyori a pen that she uses often. I’m letting Hibiya have a good look at it right now. Ah.

Momo: What is it this time!?

Konoha: Hibiya took the pen away with an unbelievable force…

Momo: Though he said he’d live alongside the forest, he’s surprisingly true to his greed, huh?

Konoha: He’s smelling it a lot.

Momo: Uwah…

Konoha: He put it in his underwear.

Momo: Uwwah…

Konoha: Hibiya left to the depths of the woods again.

Momo: Ah~. Hm, well, how should I put it? He’s surprisingly lively.

Konoha: There are plenty of animals, so he’s not alone or lonely, right?

Momo: All right. Let’s leave him be for a while longer.
