# MEKAKUCITY TALKERS 第十五幕

## 日文原档

略。

## 中文自译

略。

## 英文搬运

Mekakushi-dan Chatroom

Ayano: Like, especially page 104 of volume 9!

Marry: mohi

Ayano: Yeah, yeah! The dialogues of that one were really good!

Seto: Hello. That’s a rare duo we have here.

Marry: seto

Ayano: Ah, Kousuke!

Seto: You are pretty fired-up. What’re you talking about?

Ayano: Hum, you see, an enemy suddenly attacked the house and they’re being fought off somehow with the abilities at the moment.

Seto: Isn’t that a huge pinch?! I-I’m going there right now.

Ayano: Ah, no. You’ve got it wrong! That wasn’t about me!

Seto: Eh?

Marry: it’s abour a mannga

Seto: Eh?

Marry: Manga.

Seto: A manga, huh? I’d rather if you don’t startle me…

Marry: Sorry.

Ayano: The manga we’ve been reading lately is fun, so the talk got unintentionally fiery.

Seto: Heeh…

Marry: It’s an iintereshting manga.

Ayano: It’s a shoujo manga, though.

Seto: Nee-chan, it’s rare for you to read those kinds of mangas.

Ayano: The battle scenes are super cool! It’s a manga I recommend~

Seto: I see. I’ve never read many mangas or the like… what are the contents?

Ayano: The protagonist has superhuman abilities and had always lived by herself, but one day, a wonderful boy shows up and takes the heroine away.

Seto: Isn’t that a pretty great story? I want to hear more of the details.

Ayano: Oh? Looks like Kousuke also got interested, huh?

Marry: It’s a really good ctory but they fight.

Ayano: Yeah, yeah! What awaited them once they started their journey is a strong enemy! They help each other out and fight the enemy.

Marry: Their comrades do it too.

Seto: Ooh. A blazing development, huh?

Ayano: During the fight, bound by a strong relationship of trust, the two swear a future to each other so that they’ll be able to be together from that point on too.

Seto: That’s pretty good, huh? This kind of thing is awesome. Amazing.

Marry: But there’s one more person.

Seto: Eh?

Ayano: Yeah! From then onward, things reach an ultra shocking climax! When the two get in a pinch, a really cool young man appears before them and protects the heroine.

Seto: Eh, what’s that so suddenly? Who is it?

Ayano: After having saved the heroine like nobody’s business, she invites this new character, asking if he doesn’t want to join their journey.

Seto: Eh, what’s with that? Getting in from the sidelines out of the blue…

Marry: Leave it be. Just listen.

Seto: Somehow, Marry is typing properly today, huh?

Marry: Leave it be.

Ayano: The boy tries to stop him, of course, but the truth is that the boy is a bad guy! From the start, he had meant to betray the heroine with super powers and sell her to a circus!

Seto: NO WAY!!! THERE’S DEFINITELY NO WAY HE’D DO THAT!!!

Ayano: Hieh. What’s wrong, Kousuke? We’re talking about manga…?

Marry: Calm down.

Seto: That’s surely a misunderstanding!! How much do you think he’s been saved by that girl?!!!

Ayano: Eh? Have you read it? Do you know the contents?

Seto: No, I haven’t, but I can tell this much.

Ayano: Well, well, there’s still a continuation.

Marry: The girl is sad.

Ayano: The girl is hurt after finding out about the boy’s intentions, but in that meantime, she gets close to the young man who had saved her earlier.

Seto: What’s with that person?! He’s been showing up every now and then since a while ago!

Ayano: This new character is really cool and super popular amongst the manga’s fans, y’know?

Seto: Uugh… but… humans are supposed to be more than just their face… He thinks of the heroine so much, so it’s terrible that he can’t convey it…

Ayano: Eh, Kousuke, do you read this manga after all?

Seto: No, I don’t. But I understand. He’s a poor talker and might not be able to convey it at all, yet thinks of the heroine as more important than anything.

Ayano: U~n. But, the heart of the heroine is swaying between the two…

Seto: What about the continuation!?

Ayano: There’s still no continuation. This is the latest update on the story.

Seto: Is that so…?

Ayano: So, we were in the middle of discussing what would happen next! Like which she will choose~

Seto: I see. I wonder who Marry will choose.

Ayano: Eh? What’s gotten into you all of a sudden, Kousuke?

Marry: I

Seto: Ah. No, just forget it. You don’t have to pick one.

Marry: I

Seto: WAAAAAAAAAAAAH

Seto-san has logged out.

Ayano: Kousuke was weird today, wasn’t he?

Marry: Yup.

---

A few days later…

Kano: My~! The manga that Nee-chan recommended a while ago was so fun!

Ayano: Right? Shuuya, have you also read the latest chapter?

Kano: Of course! I was surprised that the heroin awakened the power of demon king, take in both the boy and the pretty guy and become the greatest warrior in existence!

Ayano: Yeah, yeah! Her appearance in her ultimate body was cool, wasn’t it?

Kano: I thought it was mainly a romance story at the beginning, but this is a masterpiece that will remain in the history of battle mangas, ain’t it?

Ayano: Right~?

Kano: Ah, by the way, Seto hasn’t been coming out of his room lately. Nee-chan, do you know anything about that?

Ayano: Eh~, I dunno. But that’s worrisome, isn’t it?
