# MEKAKUCITY TALKERS 第十六幕

## 日文原档

略。

## 中文自译

略。

## 英文搬运

Mekakushi-dan Chatroom

Ene: How~dy~, oissu~!

Momo: Oissu, oissu~. Ene-chan, you’re energetic today as well, huh?

Ene: No, no, Imouto-san too. My, my? It seems Master isn’t around today~

Momo: Ah~, indeed, I haven’t seen him. But there are many days where Onii-chan is absent, right?

Ene: No, that person is always monitoring the chatroom.

Momo: Eh, gross.

Ene: He observes everyone’s conversations while grinning.

Momo: For reeeeeal, although he is my older brother, that is disturbing.

Ene: Well, him not being here means he’s in the toilet, doesn’t it? Right now is precisely the same old hour.

Momo: For some reason, Onii-chan goes to the toilet at a determined moment, huh…

Shintaro: Hum~

Momo: Uwah, he’s out.

Ene: What~, so you are here? Were you off to the toilet for a lon~g time again?

Shintaro: No, hum, I just wish to inquire something…

Momo: Eh, what’s with that way of talking? Everyone is seeing this, so don’t do anything too embarrassing, yeah?

Shintaro: Hieh… I’m sorry… I just wanted to ask a question…

Momo: Somehow, Onii-chan is being disgusting today, but that’s not the usual kind of disgusting, huh?

Ene: So, what’s the question?

Shintaro: Eerm… Who might I be…?

Momo: Hah?

Ene: What’s with that? Suddenly feels like it’s gonna be a pain.

Momo: Onii-chan… no matter how much you want us to give you attention, that won’t work.

Ene: Amnesia is an old thing~

Shintaro: No, hum, I really do not know. When I realized, I was holding a phone and standing still. This chatroom was being displayed on the phone’s screen, so I tried talking to you…

Ene: Eh? Is it actual amnesia?

Momo: T-That’s a lie, right, Onii-chan?

Shintaro: By “Onii-chan”, you mean me?

Ene: Geez~, he’s forgotten everything, huh?

Momo: No way… What about the toilet? Did you also forget to go?

Shintaro: Eh, the toilet? I do not particularly feel like using it right now.

Momo: Eh!? The Onii-chan that would end up slowly heading to the toilet one way or another after seeing the word just…!?

Ene: Did you get into a situation so similar to Pavlov’s dogs, Master?

Shintaro: Erm… I do not have any special interest for toilets.

Momo: Lies… How did things become like this…!?

Ene: Could it be because we were too severe?

Momo: Ehh?

Ene: Master might have lost his memories due to that shock.

Momo: True. Lately, whenever he entered my field of vision, I might have been sending back him a cold stare…

Shintaro: Was I hated…?

Ene: That’s not the case! Master, have you forgotten about the memorable days we’ve spent together!?

Momo: Y-Yeah! E~rm, see, like the memories of the time when you spit out the cola that you had in your mouth because you were too nervous being in a crowd.

Ene: Or like the memories of the time when it had been too long ever since you had stepped out of the house and you nearly left home in just your underwear!

Shintaro: Did I do those things? Wasn’t I a questionable person?

Momo: When you put it like that, indeed. I feel it might be better if he doesn’t go back to normal…

Ene: Please wait, Imouto-san! It might be undebatable that Master is the type of unredeemable person who says “my hobby is reading business books”!

Momo: No, I didn’t go that far…

Ene: But Master is an extremely kindhearted person.

Momo: Ene-chan…

Shintaro: Uuh… my head is…!

Momo: Onii-chan!?

Ene: Could it be that our words made his memory…!?

Shintaro: Somehow, seeing someone compliment me… caused dim memories to…

Ene: That’s kinda convenient, huh… But now is the chance! Come on, Imouto-san, you too!

Momo: I… think that having an Onii-chan like that is embarrassing… and that I wanted a more handsome Onii-chan… about once a day… no, more like about once every five hours…

Ene: You think that quite frequently, huh…

Momo: Even so, my usual Onii-chan is fine. Please! Come back!

Shintaro: UOOOOOOOOH!!!!

Momo: Onii-chan!

Ene: Master!

Shintaro: Hah… What have I been doing until now…?

Ene: Master! Has your memory returned!?

Shintaro: Hah? What’re you saying out of the blue, Ene?

Momo: Onii-chan! Do you recognize me?

Shintaro: Momo, too, what’re you saying…? By the way, I feel like going to the toilet.

Momo: It’s the usual Onii-chan through and through…!

Ene: I’m so glad… I’m so truly glad!

Shintaro: What’s with you guys? Heheh… Isn’t that embarrassing?

Momo: In the end, it has to be this Onii-chan!

Ene: Right, right! The Master who is disgusting to this point is Number One!

Shintaro: Stop, stop. Don’t compliment me so much.

Ene: No, no, at the end of the day, this is how Master should be! With this, the matter is settled~

---

A few days later…

Shintaro: I’m off to the toilet for a little bit. Looks like it’ll be a long-term case today, so I’m excusing myself.

Ene: Is that so?

Momo: Be on your way.

Shintaro: Oops, you guys. Don’t go getting lonely while I’m out. Kisses, kisses ♡

Shintaro-san has logged out.

Momo: Hey, Ene-chan.

Ene: What is it, Imouto-san?

Momo: It might’ve been better if Onii-chan hadn’t returned to normal after all, huh?

Ene: Truly, that is right.
