# MEKAKUCITY TALKERS 第十七幕

## 日文原档

略。

## 中文自译

略。

## 英文搬运

Mekakushi-dan Chatroom

Kano: I’ve been thinking about going camping, y’know~

Seto: What’s that so suddenly about camping?

Kano: It’s ‘cause it’s been humid lately~. So I thought of going for some clear weather!

Seto: And that’d be camping?

Kano: Right! Aren’t we hardly going out to play around? Let’s enjoy summer this year~

Seto: Playing in summer, huh… Then, to the woods.

Kano: No, the woods are a pass. There are camp facilities that are kept tidily and the like, where we can have plenty of your fill of nature, I mean.

Seto: But, to have contact with animals, it really gotta be the woods.

Kano: No, like I said, the woods are a pass. Having contact with wildlife isn’t the objective of camping.

Seto: But…

Kano: Ah, see, if you’re like that, then how about the sea?

Seto: The sea?

Kano: Blue skies! Blue ocean! Summer beaches are like an oasis above the ground!

Seto: I’ve seen it on TV. People who don’t take their trash with them and keep throwing it away into the sea. Is a place filled with people like that an “oasis above the ground”?

Kano: Hey, can you stop trying to hit me up with reality like that?

Seto: But it’s true.

Kano: I see, Seto doesn’t forgive enemies of nature at all.

Seto: Enemies of nature are the only thing I don’t tolerate.

(T/N: Okay, this is a language pun that gets lost in the translation. In Japanese, “enemies of nature” isn’t necessarily in plural and the form is up to guess depending on the context as a whole. That means it can also be read in singular as “nature enemy” or “natural enemy”. As in “Shizen no Teki”. As in Edword Records is aboard the Roast Jin With In-Universe Puns bandwagon.)

Kano: Well, there might be people who don’t appreciate the environment! But I wanna go! With everyone! To the sea! Or to the mountains!

Seto: No, sure I also wanna go, but it’s rare for you to want to go somewhere with everyone, Kano. You usually off somewhere by yourself.

Kano: Eh? Is that so? Even I think about how I wanna play around with everyone~

Seto: Thinking better, Kano, you only ever say you wanna do something with everyone in the chatroom.

Kano: What’re you saying~?! I’m always friendly~!

Seto: Hu~n. I’ve always been curious, though. Kano, what do you usually do?

Kano: Hum, well… Leave that be. It’s private.

Seto: Isn’t there nothing private about living with other people? There are times when you come home late at night, and it isn’t rare for you to return only in the morning.

Kano: Ah~, that kind of inquiry is so, so troublesome. Let me off the hook.

Seto: Geez! Kano, you keep tricking us like that!

Kano: No~, well, y’know? Anyways, I bought one camping set.

Seto: “One set”!? What’s with that ability to take action!? For starters, where did you get that money from!?

Kano: Leave that be.

Seto: No, that’s no good and it’s scary. You’re not doing dangerous and suspicious stuff, right? Kano, answer me. Kano. Kano!

Kano: No, look. Family aside, there’re one or two people who wanna keep stuff secret, aren’t there?

Seto: But aren’t we brothers? It doesn’t have to be everything, yet I do want you to tell me about that every now and then.

Kano: Seto… No helping it, I guess. I get it. If Seto says so, I’ll spill the beans.

Seto: You okay with this?

Kano: Yep. Next Sunday, can you come to the place I mentioned? I’ll contact you about the details of the location and time later.

Seto: W-What are we gonna do…?

Kano: Just camping. Yes, just that.

---

Seto, Kido, Marry, Momo, Shintaro

Seto: A chance to discover Kano’s secrets finally came up.

Momo: At last…

Kido: He really doesn’t talk about where he normally goes or what he normally does, after all.

Seto: Reporting it to everyone like this feels like I’m deceiving Kano, but everyone is worrying about him alike.

Momo: That’s right.

Kido: It’s his fault for not opening his mouth at all.

Seto: Anyways, I’m going to the place he appointed next week.

Marry: be careful

Seto: Yes.

---

A few days later…

Momo: The day arranged with Kano-san is today, right?

Kido: Yeah, both Kano and Seto left early in the morning.

Momo: I wonder where on earth they are and what they’re doing…

Seto: I have just returned.

Marry: seto, welcome back

Kido: Aah, Seto. Today is the day of that arrangement, right? How did it go?

Seto: Eeh, there was nothing.

Marry: seto?

Seto: There was nothing abnormal.

Kido: Hey, aren’t you talking weird?

Seto: No way, hahaha; there is no such thing.

Marry: seto, you’re being scary

Momo: Seto-san…? Could it be that something happened…?

Kido: What did Kano do to you, Seto?

Seto: We merely went camping. Yes, camping.

Kido: Something is suspicious… Hey, if it’s hard for you to say it, it can be in a separate chatroom, but try to tell me.

Seto: I do not mind it.

Momo: Danchou-san! We’ll leave it to you!

---

A few minutes later…

Kido: I have just returned.

Momo: H-Huh? Danchou-san?

Kido: It seems they only went camping.

Momo: Danchou-san!? Aren’t you acting kinda strange!?

Marry: kido, strange

Kido: There is nothing strange about me.

Seto: Yes, we merely went camping.

Momo: Eeh~…? Th-Then, please tell me about it too!

Kido: All right, we do not mind.

Marry: momo-chan

Momo: It’s okay! Don’t worry!

---

A few minutes later…

Momo: It indeed appears that nothing happened.

Marry: momo… cha…

Seto: We merely went camping, after all.

Kido: Yes, camping.

Momo: We will tell Marry about it as well.

Marry: n o

---

A few minutes later…

Shintaro: Oi~ssu. Sorry for being late. Hey, what’s up with this log?

Seto: Let’s go camping.

Kido: Let’s go camping.

Momo: Let’s go camping.

Marry: Let’s go camping.

Shintaro: UWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!!!!!
