# MEKAKUCITY TALKERS 第十九幕

## 日文原档

略。

## 中文自译

略。

## 英文搬运

Mekakushi-dan Chatroom

Ene: My~, I finally went to the Capital of Flowers, Paris… Well, it was a cyber trip by myself, though! The Eiffel Tower that I saw from an electric signboard is pretty stylish~. It blew off my fatigue from taking care of Master. Now, I wonder if I should go to England next~

Konoha: Hello? Is anyone around? Ah. I ended up saying “hello?”… Hi.

Ene: There’s no one here.

Konoha: Ahh.

Ene: Honestly, to think I’d run into you in the chatroom. This is more than just bad timing!

Konoha: Hi.

Ene: Just to put it out there, I don’t have any free time to deal with… Okay, okay, hi! Anyway! I’m extreeeemely busy right now! So if you’ve understood that there’s no one around, just hurry and—

Konoha: But you’re here, so it’s not like there’s no one, right?

Ene: I get it! Please don’t go faultfinding!

Konoha: Sorry.

Ene: Geez… Well? What’s your business?

Konoha: Eh?

Ene: You… You came to the chatroom because you had some sort of business here, didn’t you!?

Konoha: That’s right. I’m having a bit of trouble.

Ene: Hu~n. But too bad~. Looks like there isn’t anybody checking the chatroom today. At best, wouldn’t it be fine if you just waited for someone else to come around?

Konoha: Erm.

Ene: It seems that Master spoils you, but I’m not going over there! Whatever happens to you has nothing to do with me, ‘kay!?

Konoha: Hm. I understand. Thanks for replying.

Ene: What’s with that response!?

Konoha: Eh? Sorry. I did something that irritated you again…

Ene: I’m not irritated at all. It’s just that, if you say you’re in trouble no matter what? I can at least listen to the story?

Konoha: Really? Thank you. That makes me happy.

Ene: Ah~, enough of that already! Did something happen?

Konoha: Yeah. I got lost in the streets.

Ene: Haah~, again? Even though you can move so fast, you’re always late when we assemble.

Konoha: I’ve become properly able to go there lately. It just so happened that a cool bug was flying around today…

Ene: Are you a little kid? Honestly, there’s no helping you… Then? Where were you going today?

Konoha: Shintaro’s house.

Ene: Isn’t it in your neighborhood?!! That’s no time to go bug-chasing!

Konoha: But, if I manage to catch it, it will serve as souvenir for Momo-chan too.

Ene: What are you trying to give to a girl? Well, if it’s Imouto-san, she might be pleased with it…

Konoha: A while ago, I gave her a long insect with many legs.

Ene: Ah~! Ah~! Ah~! I don’t need details!

Konoha: But it was such a big bug…

Ene: More importantly!! Instead of going through the trouble of calling for someone in the chatroom, if your destination is a house, wouldn’t it be better to just contact Master first-thing?!

Konoha: Even if I call, Shintaro doesn’t answer the phone.

Ene: Hu~n. Well, he’s probably in the toilet or something… Speaking of which, aren’t you always quick to intrude through the window? Master was troubled by that.

Konoha: It’s ‘cause it’s faster from the window. But I might not be able to make it today. What do I do…?

Ene: Ah~, man, I get it already!

Konoha: Huh? There’s something new on my phone’s screen.

Ene: I went into your phone and opened a maps app, then entered your destination, so please use it to go to Master’s place or wherever!

Konoha: Wa-Waah…! Amazing…! That’s amazing…! Thanks…!

Ene: Y-Y-Y-You’re exaggerating too much! Just please at least memorize how to use a maps app!

Konoha: ‘Kay. Can you teach me how to use it next time?

Ene: I-I-I-Isn’t it fine if you learn that from Master?!!! Well, if you want it no matter what, I’m not saying I wouldn’t teach you, y’know!?

Konoha: Erm. You’ll teach me? Thanks. I’m glad.

Ene: I get it, I get it, so please hurry and go.

Konoha: ‘Kay. Ah. I wasn’t able to catch the bug, so instead of that, I’ll go buy drinks at the vending machine for a souvenir.

Ene: Yes, yes, do as you please. I’m leaving soon!

Konoha: awawawawawawah

Ene: What is it this time!?

Konoha: I put in the money and pressed the button, and it wo-won’t stop. Lots of cans are…

Ene: Haah!? How did it come to this!?

Konoha: I do-don’t know.

Ene: Where’s that vending machine!?

Konoha: It’s the one close to Shintaro’s home.

Ene: That vending machine was going through maintenance, right!?

Konoha: Aaah… The cans are… the cans are…

Ene: All right, you just please stay put!!

Konoha: Ah. Huh? It stopped…

Ene: I went into the network of the vending machine and fixed the malfunction. It’s great that it was the type of vending machine you can manage through the internet, honestly!

Konoha: Ooh…! That’s really amazing…!

Ene: Well, it’s nothing much, though? If I’d left it as it was, it’d have been a bother to the neighbors?

Konoha: But thank you. Ah. The vendor came to clean everything up and gave me two extra cans.

Ene: Yeah, yeah, that’s good~

Konoha: It was your doing. Thanks.

Ene: Aaaaaah, geez, don’t you say anything other than that!? If you think I’m gonna help you out in any and everything, you’re roundly mistaken!! There will be no next time!!

Konoha: ‘Kay. Thanks for today. I’ve arrived at Shintaro’s, so see you.

Ene: Yes, yes, yes, yes, just go already!!! Honestly. For me to do something so off-character right in the middle of my cyber trip…

Shintaro: Hey, Ene.

Ene: HYOAOOOOOH! W-W-W-W-WHAT IS IT?!!!!

Shintaro: O-Ooh, your tension is kinda different from usual today.

Ene: THAT HAS NOOOOTHING TO DO WITH YOU, MASTER!!!! Well!? What’s your business!? I’m in the middle of travelling through Paris, y’know!?

Shintaro: Yeah, I do think it’s my bad, but the thing is that Konoha just came over and it looks like his phone got infected with some weird virus. Wouldn’t you be able to do something about it?

Ene: AAH~~~~~~, MAN!!! I’M GOING HOME RIGHT NOW!!!!
