# MEKAKUCITY TALKERS 第二十幕

## 日文原档

略。

## 中文自译

略。

## 英文搬运

Kido, Kano

Kido: This is Kido from the hideout. What’s the situation there?

Kano: Yes, yes, I’m in the middle of carrying out the special mission over he~re. The target is currently passing by Point A. It’s going on as planned. If it continues like this, after she passes by Point B…

Kido: Hey.

Kano: Eh, what is it?

Kido: What’s that “Point A” and “Point B”? Don’t go making up weird codes on your own accord.

Kano: This is a performance that gives realism to the mission~. It’s something like that, right?

Kido: Honestly, you’re a genius at complicating conversations. You haven’t forgotten your objective, yeah?

Kano: I get it! Tomorrow is Marry’s birthday~, so while you’re preparing for the birthday party in the hideout, my role is to take Marry somewhere else, right?

Kido: That’s right. After all, I’m baking the cake, Seto is out to pick a present and we entrusted the hideout’s decoration-making to Kisaragi and the others. Failure won’t be tolerated.

Kano: Everyone was eager~.

Kido: I want us to finish the preparations today one way or another. Until then, we’re counting on you to distract Marry.

Kano: Yes, yes~. But why am I in charge of taking Marry outside?

Kido: If you’d stayed in the hideout, you’d mostly move your mouth and not seriously do any work. I thought that she’d definitely refrain if I invited her to go for a walk together. Think of this as an apology for always teasing her and hang out with Marry on her walk until she’s satisfied.

Kano: My, my…

Kido: Well? How’s Marry?

Kano: We’re crossing the shopping district right now. She’s chatting with a familiar shopkeeper from a fish store.

Kido: Aren’t there any hints that she realized our plan?

Kano: I think it’s all fine up to now… Ah! Kido!

Kido: What is it? What happened?

Kano: Dammit. This is an emergency.

Kido: Hey. Did something happen?

Kano: To think that thing would be in a place like this… It was a blind spot.

Kido: Wha… Don’t tell me our plan was found out…!?

Kano: No, there was an ice cream sign in front of us. The silent pressure coming from Marry was tremendous. I had no choice but buy her one…

Kido: How is that an emergency?

Kano: It was a 150-yen damage to my wallet.

Kido: You don’t have to report that kind of stuff! Don’t talk in a tricky way about everything!

Kano: Well~, it’s ‘cause I didn’t have anything to chat about with Marry, so I was bored.

Kido: Conversations are your forte, aren’t they?

Kano: At first, I was desperately talking so that the conversation wouldn’t stop~, about topics Marry seems like she’d have interest in, or about what times she normally thinks of her poems. But in the middle of that, she told me not to talk to her.

Kido: You reap what you sow.

Kano: Oh! While you were saying that, I got in a pinch again!

Kido: What is it this time!?

Kano: Somehow, we’ve found a stall of shaved ice. Ah~, Marry is staring at it. She’s looking at it like she’s fascinated~. This is the premonition of the next begging…

Kido: If it’s something like that, buy it for her! More importantly, don’t talk to me about every little useless thing! I’m busy with the preparations over here.

Kano: I get it. Don’t be so angry~. Hey, Kido. Huh, silence? O~i, Danchou-sa~n. Hey. Are you busy? Kido? Ah, pinch, pinch. It’s a real pinch. Hey, Kido.

Kido: SHUT UP!!! I TOLD YOU I’M BUSY HERE!!!

Kano: No, this is a real pinch, I said.

Kido: If you say any more useless stuff, you won’t have a seat in tomorrow’s birthday party.

Kano: No, no, this is serious talk. Marry is trying to go back to the hideout.

Kido: SAY THAT FASTER!!!

Kano: I did! I called out to you!

Kido: For starters, your role is to impede that!

Kano: Impossible~. She didn’t listen to me and quickly took off. Look, she’s already in front of the hideout.

Kido: You’ve already come this far!? No helping it… We’ll hide the cake and decorations for the time being, so even if it’s only for a bit, I’m leaving the distraction to you!

Kano: No, she’ll suspect me no matter what I say. She’s trying to open the door~. Anyway, I’ll try to pull the door back… Uwah, she’s strong.

Kido: Do your best! Just a little more!

Kano: Wait, wait. Strong, strong; this girl is too strong. Physically strong.

Kido: Don’t give up! Kano! You’re a strong boy, right!?

Kano: No, no, no, I’m telling you, it’s impossible. She’s trying to rip my arms off. Ah~, impossible, impossible, impossible.

Kido: Kano, I won’t forget you.

Kano: Wait, wait, don’t sacrifice me!

Kido: Just a tad more! Endure it! All right! We’ve hidden everything on our end! You can let Marry pass already!

Kano:

Kido: Kano? Too late, huh…

---

Kido, Seto

Seto: Kido? I’ve bought the present and come home.

Kido: Aah, good job.

Seto: Well, and also… Kano is petrified in front of the hideout. This is Marry’s ability’s doing, right? Did something happen?

Kido: Yeah… A noble sacrifice…
