# MEKAKUCITY TALKERS 第二十一幕

## 日文原档

略。

## 中文自译

略。

## 英文搬运

Mekakushi-dan Chatroom

Shintaro: He~y. Isn’t there anyone here? I seek urgent support. It’s an emergency.

Hibiya: What is it? A critical situation?

Shintaro: Aah! If it isn’t Hibiya. Were you able to return home just fine?

Hibiya: Thanks to you guys. I was told to stay put at home for a while, though. In the end, a daily life surrounded by convenient tools of civilization sure is comfortable.

Shintaro: That’s good.

Hibiya: Well? What happened today? Some sort of incident?

Shintaro: No, it’s not a big deal.

Hibiya: What’s that? You said earlier that you were “seeking urgent support”.

Shintaro: Well, I’m in a beauty parlor right now.

Hibiya: B-B-B-Beauty parlor!? Hum!? A beauty parlor from one of those lined-up buildings in the capital!? Not a barber shop but a beauty parlor!?

Shintaro: What? Is it that odd?

Hibiya: That’s not it, y’know!? I, too, have my hair cut by a charismatic hairdresser from a fashionable beauty parlor in the big city, of course!! What about you, Shintaro!?

Shintaro: M-Me!? I-I-I-I-I also am so accustomed to coming here like usual that I’m close to stealing the hairdresser’s technique!!

Hibiya: ……

Shintaro: ……

Hibiya: This is kinda vain, huh…

Shintaro: Yeah… Let’s stop with this lame vanity competition already… I’ll be frank. I, in truth… actually… am a NEET. I normally cut my hair myself.

Hibiya: Shintaro… Sorry, I made you say these things. I’ll add into that too. I have something I need to be frank about as well.

Shintaro: Sure. Let’s hear it.

Hibiya: To tell the truth, I’m a countryside boy. The one who always cuts my hair is my mom.

Shintaro: Aah…! You’ve managed to say it…!

Hibiya: Shintaro…!

Shintaro: Today, I happened to be forced by Momo into making a reservation at a beauty parlor. My turn will come up soon, but I don’t know if I can correspond when the hairdresser starts talking to me. Lend me some strength, Hibiya!

Hibiya: I have no idea whether I can or not give advice, but I’ll support you with all I’ve got!

Shintaro: That’s reassuring! Oh! My turn has finally come…!

Hibiya: Do your best, Shintaro!

Shintaro: Problem number 1 just happened. “What kind of hairstyle will you want today?” has come my way!

Hibiya: That’s the first difficulty, huh. The key is how to reply in a casual manner!

Shintaro: I made several guesses today when I was coming to the parlor. “You choose”. That’s the only possible option!

Hibiya: Great…! It’s a reply that is simple but gives off a feeling that you’re used to it!

Shintaro: H-Hey, wait a moment. An attack! “What is the specification?” has come my way!

Hibiya: Say what!? Even though you’re leaving it to them including that, too…!

Shintaro: Dammit… What should I do…?

Hibiya: Calm down, Shintaro. You should respond without covering anything up as much as you can or you’ll be suspected. The other person is a professional. You gotta think carefully.

Shintaro: Aah, true. In a situation like this… “Something with a suitably shapely feeling to it”. I’ll go with that!

Hibiya: Go~! Shintaro~! Did you say it? How’d it go?

Shintaro: Somehow… I was told something along the lines of “eh?” and asked back a lot of questions. In the end, I said, “anyhow, something with a neat impression”. They started cutting.

Hibiya: Were you cautious with your way of talking!? Did you speak proper and clearly!?

Shintaro: Obviously! I paid meticuous attention and even gave an uplifting smile! They corresponded with a super sour smile!

Hibiya: W-Well, but they started cutting it without problems, right? Now you just have to wait until they finish.

Shintaro: How naïve, Hibiya. We already have problem number 2. “What’s your profession?” was dropped on me.

Hibiya: Eh!? Shi-Shintaro, what did you reply!?

Shintaro: I answered, “It’s a job related to security”.

Hibiya: Hm? “Security”? Why?

Shintaro: You might not understand this, but it’s been passed down since distant, ancient times. Guys like us have to say that.

Hibiya: S-Seriously!?

Shintaro: They asked, “Are you a student?”. If I carelessly answer “yes”, my faults will show. They’re expecting a composed reply here. We gotta converge the subject as smartly as possible without getting deep into the conversation. Memorize that.

Hibiya: I’ll be on obligatory education for a while, so I think that isn’t a problem for me, but I’ll remember this for a what-if case.

Shintaro: Still, ever since the last question, they haven’t spoken to me anymore. I heard that a beauty parlor is a battlefield where quick-paced talk is widespread, but the hairdresser isn’t even trying to meet my gaze.

Hibiya: Doesn’t that mean they’re concentrating on the haircut?

Shintaro: Aah. Is that it…? My smart retort brought about the aura of an adult man that doesn’t enjoy chit-chat?

Hibiya: True. I wonder if it’s because you’re having your hair cut at a beauty parlor, but your aloof texts in the chatroom are also looking more adult-like than usual.

Shintaro: Stahp. Flattery won’t get you anywhere. Well, when you go to a beauty parlor yourself, you use this as reference.

Hibiya: I will! I learned a lot today. Thanks, Shintaro.

Shintaro: Yeah. Sorry for using your time. I’ll wait at ease until they finish the cut.

---

Ten minutes later…

Shintaro: Hibiya, are you here? He~y. Isn’t there anyone around? It’s a critical situation. I threw some interjections to show I was paying attention by the time my hair was finishing being cut, and ended up making a reservation in an esthetics salon. If this goes on, I’ll end up becoming beautiful. Please tell me a smart way to cancel the reservation. Somebody
