# MEKAKUCITY TALKERS 第二十三幕

## 日文原档

略。

## 中文自译

略。

## 英文搬运

Kido, Seto

Kido: Sorry if you’re on-duty, but at what time do you plan to come back home today?

Seto: I’m already done with work. I’ll be back before dinner.

Kido: Is that so? My bad, but can you buy mayonnaise on the way home? I thought we had it stocked but turns out we didn’t.

Seto: Piece of cake. Is the same old one with the red cap okay?

Kido: No problem with that. I feel bad asking this when you’re worn-out.

Seto: It’s fine. Kido is also busy preparing dinner and stuff like that, right? I always rely on you so much that I’m sorry about it.

Kido: No, I’m always making you work too.

Seto: That’s okay. I work part-time because I like to, after all.

Kido: Our living expenses are on Dad, but thanks to you, our household costs are safe.

Seto: That’s embarrassing.

Kido: Come to think of it, it’s been a long time ever since you started working part-time. Haven’t you gone through another kind of job before?

Seto: No, no. I still have a long way to go. I’m still too far from being like the Part-Time Master.

Kido: “Part-Time Master”? What’s with that dubious title?

Seto: He’s real! The Part-Time Master, that is!

Kido: No, even if you say he’s real, for starters, I didn’t know about the very existence of this…

Seto: It’s becoming a rumor amongst part-timers. He shows up at various part-time job establishments, does his work in a flash and heads to the next part-time job… That’s the Part-Time Master. On top of that, it seems his way of carrying out his work is the same as the regular employees.

Kido: Hm. So he isn’t a suspicious fellow. But even so, to think a guy like that existed other than you…

Seto: The first time I heard of this story was when I worked at a part-time job where I had to open air holes in bags stuffed with bamboo shoots.

Kido: A part-time job where you had to open air holes in bags stuffed with bamboo shoots!?

Seto: Yes. It’s a job where you open holes endlessly.

Kido: Is that so…? That’s a difficult job…

Seto: It’s fun when you get used to it! What I heard back then was just the information that there was a person who worked on several part-time jobs at once like me, though. When I was experiencing zero gravity at my part-time job in the space medicine research,

Kido: Space medicine research!? You… were working on a part-time job like that all along…?

Seto: Wasn’t there a time when I left home for about two months? It was back then.

Kido: Well, you always smoothly say, “I’ll be out for about two months~” and head off somewhere, right? Even at that time, you acted like you were saying, “I’m going out to play around”.

Seto: That’s ‘cause it wasn’t a job important enough to inform. I just had to lead a bedridden daily routine for two months in order to get close to a zero-gravity state.

Kido: Such harshness. You were doing these kinds of dangerous things again without asking anyone’s opinion…

Seto: It isn’t dangerous! It’s safe! Plus, what I heard during that period was amazing. It seems that the Part-Time Leader simply goes through with any kind of harsh work without a single complaint. He’s made of metal, huh? I admire him.

Kido: Is that what you call “made of metal”?

Seto: This isn’t all. Back in my part-time job as a shoplift G-men G-man,

Kido: “Part-time job as a shoplift G-men G-man”!? Not just a regular G-man!?

Seto: A G-men G-man. It’s common lately. We watch the G-men to make sure they’re properly doing their work. We’re alike. There’s also a part-time job where others watch the people in charge of distributing tissues to see if they aren’t slacking.

Kido: There sure are some difficult part-time jobs…

Seto: By the way, there are watch part-time jobs where you have to keep watch on watchers to make sure they really are keeping watch.

Kido: Hey, that’s too complicated! Trust the part-timers a little!

Seto: There are all sorts of people doing part-time jobs, after all~. There was never anyone slacking when I was on watch, though. That Part-Time Master is awesome. It seems no one slacks during his shift.

Kido: What, is he strict?

Seto: Doesn’t seem so. I wasn’t told about his looks, but it seems that, since he’s a young man, has a stern personality and takes on many part-time jobs at once, everyone thinks they can’t afford to slack off in front of that likeable boy.

Kido: He seems to be a really good guy.

Seto: That’s right. Perhaps because these kinds of environments took place, by the looks of it, the people who own the establishments that Part-Time Master works at ask him if he wouldn’t inherit the business.

Kido: I see. Meaning he’s trusted?

Seto: I don’t know if all of these stories are about the same person, but I think I wanna become like him. I’ll also keep on working part-time.

Kido: You’ve really become great, huh.

Seto: No, no. Me being able to properly continue doing this is actually thanks to the owners of the establishments. Somehow, the owner of the flower shop that has been giving me a shift since forever was also kind enough to ask me if I wouldn’t inherit the store…

Kido: Is that so? Makes me happy. Hn? Hey, wait. Could it be that Part-Time Master is

Seto: Ah, hold on. The place where I was interviewed a while ago for a part-time job is contacting me! I’ll listen to the rest when I get home!

Kido: Ah, hey! ……Guess I’ll let him remain an admirer.
