# MEKAKUCITY TALKERS 第二十四幕

## 日文原档

略。

## 中文自译

略。

## 英文搬运

Mekakushi-dan Chatroom

Marry: Oitsusu.

(T/N: This was her failing to imitate Seto’s “oissu”.)

Marry: Is there anyone around? After practicing typing in my phone, I’ve become able to do it properly.

(T/N: She’s writing everything in hiragana.)

Marry: Also, just a while ago, I got a weird message. When I opened it, a lot of weird letters appeared on the screen, so I wonder if it’s a dangerous mail. Have you guys received it too? Huh? Everyone, what’s wrong? Are you not here?

???: This icon… could it be Marry?

Marry: Wh-Who are you?

???: My~, how nostalgic. It’s been a long time since this chatroom had any messages.

Marry: Who are you? Is this… Mekakushi-dan?

???: Yeah, right guess, right guess! This is Mekakushi-dan’s chatroom. I deleted my icon so you might not be able to recognize me, but this is Kano~!

Marry: Kano, you startled me.

???: No, no, I’m the one who’s surprised. To think what Marry had said back at that time would come true…

Marry: What do you mean?

???: That’s right~. I don’t know if you’ll believe me if I say it, but the world I’m in is of 20 years ahead.

Marry: 20 years… ahead?

???: Do you get it? Right now, I’m in the future where 20 years have passed from the world you are in, Marry.

Marry: Eh? Azm… Amazing. Kano, you’re amazing. You time-slipped?

???: Ah, wrong, wrong. It’s the opposite, Marry.

Marry: “Opposite”?

???: I mean it’s not me; the one who time-slipped was you, Marry. You’re connected to a world 20 years later through this chatroom.

Marry: Wawawah. I’m amazing. I’m like the protagonist of some book.

???: Oh? So you believe in me?

Marry: I do. It’s amazing.

???: Marry, you’re so upfront, huh… You have a flexibility that we didn’t after we became adults.

Marry: What is everyone doing 20 years later?

???: Oh? You gonna ask about that~? My, being asked and talking about these past 20 years make me tear up! I’ve been leading a life of generosity~

Marry: What is Kido up to?

???: Huh~? Are you okay with not listening to my story~?

Marry: What about Kido?

???: Okay, okay, Kido it is. To tell the truth, that instantaneous strength and highly aggressive kicking technique are things to expect in her, y’see. Guess what; she’s working internationally as a kickboxer…!

Marry: A kickboxer… So she fights?

???: That’s right! As of now, she has a body stronger than anyone else’s… I can’t stand up to her at all. One of these days, too, I nearly had my neck broken.

Marry: What about Momo-chan?

???: No, wait, listen to my story a bit.

Marry: Talk about Momo-chan.

???: Okay, okay. Kisaragi-chan, it is~. She said she wanted to create a new type of food with that unique sense of hers. Actually, she quit being an idol and are now a food researcher…! I wonder whether she is or not producing numerous disgusting dishes day and night…

Marry: Mo… Mo-Mo-Mo… Momo-chan’s food… I don’t wanna ea… I don’t wanna ea…

???: Well, I get what you mean to say. Once people eat her cooking, they can’t forget its taste, right?

Marry: A-Anyone else?

???: Let’s see… The one who shocked me the most was Shintaro-kun, I think.

Marry: Shintaro…

???: About that, one day, he suddenly shaved his head, secluded himself in the mountains, started training and became a monk.

Marry: A monk… Shintaro’s hair is gone?

???: Hm, that’s right… But hair is kind of an extremely delicate topic for me, so I guess I’d rather if you leave it as that…

Marry: Got it.

???: Well, we’re all doing our best. Ene-chan is active as a virtual idol in that form of hers. Hibiya-kun’s character bloomed so he attends lives every day as an idol otaku.

Marry: Kano, what about you?

???: Eh?

Marry: Kano, what do you do?

???: Ah~, to be honest… I don’t really wanna say it…

Marry: ?

???: I sorta failed at work, and now I’m living in a cardboard box at the park…

Marry: Eh? Uh… D-Do your best. Hum… Uh…

???: Believing in a story like that… Marry, you really are naïve after all.

Marry: Eh? Ah.

???: It was a joke, it was a joke! I’d just wanted to tease you a little~

Marry: Was this a lie?

???: Yup! A lie! About everyone’s occupations too; a~ll of them!

Marry: Kano, you idiot. I won’t forgive you. Revenge.

???: Don’t talk of dangerous things like revenge! That was just a bit of communication! Besides, what I said about this being 20 years later is true, y’know? Even now that 20 years have passed, we’re all doing our best.

Marry: Geez. I see. Is that so? Hum. Kano, even after 20 years, is everyone still…

???: Marry, do you really wanna ask that?

Marry: Eh?

???: About what everyone is up to right now. About what we’ve been doing 20 years after that.

Marry: Ah… Uh…

???: I can tell you, Marry, about what’s gonna happen to you from this point on. But do you really think you wanna… know?

Marry: Hn… Erm… As expected, I’ll leave it be. I won’t ask.

???: Is that so? I would tell you the truth this time, y’know?

Marry: It’s fine. I mean, I’ll know it someday. I’ll confirm it by myself.

???: Marry, since it’s you, I did think you’d say that. I’m relieved.

Marry: wawawawah

???: Eh? What’s wrong?

Marry: My phone is acting weird. It’s rattling.

???: Speaking of that, Marry, your phone broke 20 years ago. You’d better buy a new one. Give my regards to the me of that side, ‘kay?

Marry: Ah, hot. The phone is hot.

???: Aah, just let go of it already!

Marry: Kano. See you.

???: Yup. See you, Marry.

Marry-san has logged out.

???: Huhu. It’s been 20 years after that, huh?

??? (2): Even 20 years ago, Marry was Marry.

???: Huh? What~? If you were seeing this, you could have talked to her~

??? (2): I pass.

???: You’re referring to yourself as “ore” again~. In the Mekakushi-dan chatroom, you properly act like the leader, huh~?

???: Shut up. I could go kick you right now.

???: No, seriously, please cut me some slack.

??? (3): As a matter of fact, Danchou-san’s kicking technique is splendid. Maybe you could aim for the world, y’know? I have confidence in my cooking as well!

??? (4): Oh~? If everyone wishes for it, I also wouldn’t mind transforming myself into a super hyper pretty virtual idol, y’know!?

???: My, my~? Somehow, none of you had deleted this chat app. If Shintaro-kun were alive, he’d surely have been happy about that…

??? (5): Hey! I ain’t dead! Don’t just kill me off!

???: You’re poking your nose in briskly today too, huh~

??? (3): But I’m surprised~. What Marry-chan said 20 years ago really wound up being true in the end~.

??? (5): Back when I heard she had time-slipped, I was baffled.

???: Ah! That’s right! Since we’re already at it, why don’t we all assemble next time? We could go out for drinks for once in a long while.

??? (4): Aah, seems good!

??? (3): Well, then…

………
………
………
