# MEKAKUCITY TALKERS 第二十五幕

## 日文原档

略。

## 中文自译

略。

## 英文搬运

Ene, Momo

Ene: Myy~, if only Master were useful every now and then~

Momo: Right~?

Ene: Ah, by the way, this is a different topic, but I ki~nda have something to ask of you, Imouto-san.

Momo: Something to ask? I’m bad at stuff that requires me to use my head, but I have confidence if it’s a job where I have to move my body! Ah, but I also do the things I’m bad at with all my might! So by all means, please do count on Kisaragi Momo!

Ene: Hey, hey! Your occupational disease is showing!

Momo: Ah, my habit accidentally…

Ene: You’re passionate about your profession, huh~

Momo: That’s because sales are important in order to win through this era of war amongst idols…! Well, what’s the favor? A big eater battle? Or maybe a sumo battle?

Ene: No, Imouto-san, I wouldn’t ask that of you! Aren’t you completely absorbed in TV programs!?

Momo: This is also work… This is also work…

Ene: Imouto-san! Please come back! The favor is related to your Ability!

Momo: “Ability”? As in, the “Snatching”?

Ene: That’s right, that’s right! To tell the truth, this humble Ene has started a blog recently!

Momo: Eh! Is that so? I wanna see, I wanna see!

Ene: Well, no need for such hurry! It’s the first blog that shows up when you look for “Permanent edition! Diary of search for live-changing B-grade games!”.

Momo: Ene-chan, you also have a pretty maniac hobby, huh?

Ene: That’s because, the more you dig, the more B-grade games appear! Providing an introduction is worth it!

Momo: And then? What should I help you with?

Ene: To tell the truth, I made up my mind and did try to start out a blog, but the PV count didn’t grow at all…

Momo: It kinda feels like it’s aimed at experienced people, after all.

Ene: But I want many people to know about the wonderfulness of B-grade games! I wish for them to taste the gourmet-like fineness of B-grade games! That’s why, Imouto-san, wouldn’t the PV number of the blog increase if you use your Ability that gathers people’s attention!? This is what I happened to think! Please! Give me your assistance!!

Momo: Eh~, can I manage that~? I’ve never attempted gathering attention through internet texts…

Ene: Don’t knock it until you’ve tried!

Momo: Hu~m. For starters, is it okay if I give the first article a go?

Ene: Of course! Please do it with utmost excitement!!

Momo: All~ right! Just now, I used my Ability! Probably! That should do it!

Ene: Ooh~! Thank you very much! How did it go, how did it go~? The blog’s PV numbers… Ah? They haven’t increased at all, huuh?

Momo: Ehh? That’s odd. I’ve properly used my Ability… Ene-chan, the first article in your blog is “Mysterious Spinning Rod”, right?

Ene: No, what’s that article!?

Momo: Eh!? I got it wrong!?

Ene: The first article in my blog is the title “Elephant that Moves Around”, you know!?

Momo: No, what’s with that content!?

Ene: I’ve introduced a game where you have to capture an elephant that moves around over the screen. This can become quite a habit~. No, more importantly than that, what’s this “Mysterious Spinning Rod” thing!?

Momo: E~rm. Ah, I’m sorry! Seems like I opened the introduction page of a kids’ toy by mistake. It looks like a T-shaped bamboo-copter and if you swing the hand that is holding it, the rod spins…

Ene: It really is a “mysterious spinning rod”, huh?

Momo: Aah! The number of views of the Mysterious Spinning Rod is quickly increasing!

Ene: Eeh!? I kinda have a bad feeling… Imouto-san, you’ve become able to regulate the level of attention you earn, right? How much attention did you go for…?

Momo: Eh? Logically, I made it so that it’d be the one to earn most attention.

Ene: Hiee…

Momo: Aah! “Mysterious Spinning Rod” is trending in the SNSs!

Ene: Awawah, an unanticipated Mysterious Spinning Rod boom…!

Momo: W-What do we do, Ene-chan…?

Ene: Since it’s come to this, let’s gather attention towards a different article!

Momo: Eh? But then there’d be another boom…

Ene: You gotta avert the attention to a different place and scatter everyone’s awareness! Go, Imouto-san!

Momo: Got it! If that’s how it is… Just now, I used my power onto a different article!

Ene: Thank you very much! By the way, what kind of article was it?

Momo: One that says “Mysterious Shining Ball”.

Ene: “Mysterious Shining Ball”?

Momo: This is also a toy. “A ball that glows if you shake it! So interesting!” is what’s written there.

Ene: A ball that glows if you shake it…

Momo: This article is also gaining views at an incredible rate. Is it okay like this?

Ene: It should work well… No, wait a moment! The popularity of the Mysterious Spinning Rod isn’t stopping! “Mysterious Spinning Rod” and “Mysterious Shining Ball” have ranked in a popularity ranking blog as the top two, you know!?

Momo: Ene-chan, it’s a disaster over here too! The “Mysterious Spinning Rod” and the “Mysterious Shining Ball” are ranking number 1 and 2 in sales of a mail order site!! On top of that, they’ve sold out!!

Ene: I-It wasn’t supposed to turn out this way…

Momo: What do I do…? Because of my Ability, mysterious items are going through a mysterious boom…

Ene: No, hum, i-it’s fine! You haven’t done anything bad, you know!? Surely, the boom will be over soon!

Momo: T-That’s right! A different boom will definitely happen!

Ene: Yeah, yeah! It has nothing to do with us! Let’s leave it as that!

Momo: ‘Kay!

---

A few days later…

Mekakushi-dan Chatroom

Kano: My~, I think everyone already knows about them~, but I bought those things that are trending a lot right now~! The Mysterious Spinning Rod and Mysterious Shining Ball!

Shintaro: It’s the topic lately, after all.

Kano: I’d been thinking that they were only weird toys at the beginning, but it kinda seems these are linked to recovery and stress relief~, so I bought 10 of each in different colors~.

Kido: But they’re continuously sold out, aren’t they? You pulled a feat in buying them.

Kano: Well~, I was in line before the time to open the store~. But it seems there were people who didn’t manage to buy them, so I was lucky.

Shintaro: Looks like the number of fans who go all the way to the original factory is growing. It’s said that maniacs have gathered over 100 types of them.

Kido: It’s featured on TV every day.

Kano: Yeah, yeah! To think it’d turn into such a boom~. What was the trigger for it~? I’m curious~
