# MEKAKUCITY TALKERS 第二十六幕

## 日文原档

略。

## 中文自译

略。

## 英文搬运

New Chatroom

Takane: E~rm. I’m not too used to the screen of a chatroom other than the ones from video games. Are you guys actually seeing this?

Haruka: Good afternoon~. Huh? It’s nighttime already, so it should be “good evening” I guess? Waah~, Takane is here~, yaho~.

Takane: Ah~, yes, yes. You’re carefree even in text format, huh? Speaking of which, you were also called over?

Haruka: Yup. Ayano-chan contacted me about something she wanted to discuss, and then I was invited to this chatroom.

Takane: Aah, if that’s the case, it was same for me.

Haruka: Just what kind of discussion could it be?

Ayano: You two, I’m so sorry! I contacted you all of a sudden…

Takane: It’s fine, it’s fine. I had nothing to do anyway. But what happened?

Haruka: I was surprised when I got invited to a chatroom out of the blue~

Ayano: I’m sorry for being sudden. But at the moment, the only ones I can count on are you, Senpais!

Takane: Eh? Are you in some sort of pinch? Everything okay?

Ayano: Aah, I’m completely fine, but no, things aren’t okay.

Takane: What? What do you mean?

Ayano: To tell the truth, right now, I’m… at school.

Takane: Eh? By “school”, you mean our school?

Haruka: It’s already late into the night and pitch-dark outside. Why are you at school at these hours?

Ayano: Uh~, about that… I hadn’t managed to finish a print for my supplementary lesson, and just when I dozed off for only a bit – only a tiny little bit –, the area became completely dark before I realized it…

Takane: Could it be… you got locked in!?

Ayano: This really is the case, isn’t it…? What do I do…?

Takane: Ah, no, it’s not like we’re certain of that yet, right?

Haruka: From that way of speaking, maybe you still want to confirm whether or not there’s anyone else around?

Ayano: That’s right! I just woke up, after all.

Takane: If we take into consideration that you’d been like this all the time ever since classes ended, you were asleep for quite a while, Ayano-chan.

Ayano: I-I just nodded off~. The sunset lights feel kinda good…

Haruka: I get you~. If I bathe in sunlight when my stomach is full, I become sleepy right away too~.

Takane: It’s not time to be having a carefree talk! That being said, it’s not like we can help you out through a chatroom, though…

Ayano: No, no, this is reassuring! The surroundings are dark, so I can’t see very well… that’s why just having a conversation like this makes me relieved!

Takane: If so, then that’s good.

Haruka: Since we’re already chatting like this, we’ll support you, Ayano-chan, until you manage to get out.

Takane: Well, anyway, you want to confirm if there’s anyone else around, right? Now, are you in your own classroom?

Ayano: That’s right. Anyhow, I’ve stepped out into the corridor. All classrooms are pitch-dark.

Takane: Then, for starters, I guess it’s better to go downstairs to the floor below. The place with highest chances of having someone inside would be the staff room, right? It’s dark, but as expected, you know where it is, don’t you?

Ayano: I do! Because I’ve always thought that it being far away from my classroom was terrible!

Haruka: By the way, it’s terrible that our school doesn’t have elevators~. Wouldn’t it be super fun if all stairways were turned into escalators too?

Ayano: That’s a good idea!

Takane: Actually, our classroom is on the ground floor, so you don’t use the stairs, right?

Haruka: But if the stairways were turned into escalators, you’d want to get on them to go to the first floor even if you had nothing to do there, right?

Takane: There you go again, just to waste your time…

Ayano: Hum.

Takane: Hm?

Haruka: What is it, Ayano-chan?

Ayano: It might be my imagination, but there’s a squeaky noise coming from one classroom…

Takane: Wai—You’re kidding. That’s a joke, right? Our school is indeed old! But there aren’t any rumors about that stuff, y’know!?

Ayano: Still, I’m certain that it sounds like someone is walking over…

Takane: I-I-It could be that someone else is there!! That’s definitely it!!

Haruka: But it’s completely dark, right? What would that person be doing in the darkness?

Takane: AH~~~~, SHUT UP, SHUT UP!!

Haruka: People don’t use their voices in chatrooms so I can’t shut up, y’know?

Takane: That’s not what I meant!!

Ayano: But if it’s not a person, and if we’re talking about something that could come from within this dark school…

Takane: Wait, Ayano-chan, even you?

Ayano: It can only be an evil apparition, right…?

Takane: Why!?

Ayano: It’s obvious that evil dwells within the darkness! Something wicked is aiming to take over this school…

Haruka: Indeed! I’ve heard about an apparition at school!

Takane: If you say so, it’s a ghost story, right!? Calm down, Ayano-chan!! Do you still hear the squeaky sound!?

Ayano: Ah. I can’t hear anymore. I wonder if it wasn’t an apparition.

Haruka: But if it wasn’t an apparition, maybe it’s… the one that lurks around schools at night… and doesn’t have half of its body… that thing…

Takane: Hey, stop saying that at a time like this.

Ayano: Aah! The one that is said to be vertically slashed?

Takane: Isn’t this case a bit different!? That alone is already scary enough, though!!

Ayano: Amongst youkai, there are some pretty interesting ones. Like those that wash stuff… Erm, what would these youkai wash?

Haruka: If it were me, I’d wash my hands like normal, I guess? See, the soaps of our school’s drinking fountains are amusing, aren’t they? They’re like oranges inside net sacks.

Takane: Ah~, be quiet already! Things get confusing when you’re the one talking!

Haruka: Oka~y.

Takane: Anyway, Ayano-chan, don’t pay any mind to it and go to the ground floor!

Ayano: But if this is by any chance an evil being that infiltrated our school, I want to at least check on it first.

Takane: It’s dangerous, it’s dangerous! I admire that sense of justice, but it’ll definitely be your destruction one day, I tell you!!!

Ayano: Understood… I’ve managed to come down to the ground floor somehow. Right now, there’s a human shadow outside the window of one classroom…

Takane: Wait—That’s a heavy-handed prank, Ayano-chan.

Ayano: This is the science preparation room, isn’t it?

Takane: Stop, stop, stop. We pass this one by!!

Haruka: Takane~, can I speak now?

Takane: You’d been upright doing as told!? You can talk, but I’ll send you flying if you say anything ridiculous!

Haruka: ‘Kay. I’d been thinking this all along. Why hasn’t Shintaro-kun been called over to this chatroom?

Ayano: Ah. About that, it’s ‘cause Shintaro is busy studying. This might be a bother to him.

Haruka: It’s fine~. Shintaro-kun is nice, after all.

Ayano: But, erm, if I send him the chat invite, hum…

Takane: All right, got it, Ayano-chan. Let’s call him over.

Ayano: Ehh? Wai—Takane-sa—

Haruka: Shintaro-kun is someone we can rely on in these kinds of situations~. I’ll try calling him.

Ayano: wawawa

Shintaro-san has logged in.

Shintaro: Mo-Mo-Mo-Mo—

Haruka: Waah~. Welcome to the chatroom, Shintaro-kun~.

Takane: What’cha saying “momomomo” for?

Shintaro: Perso-so-so-so-son—

Haruka: Shintaro-kun? You okay?

Shintaro: Right no-no-now—Right now, I’m at school.

Ayano: EHH?!! Shintaro, you’re also at school!? I’m so glad~

Shintaro: Hah? Could it be you’re here too, Ayano? No, more importantly, a person—Just a moment ago, there was a person’s shadow in the corridor… Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh—

Haruka: Shintaro-kun!?

Takane: Did something happen!?

Ayano: That’s no—I’m sorry, that’s not it. It’s just that I found Shintaro in the corridor, and when called out to him, I accidentally startled him and he fell.

Shintaro: You’re wrong. I just tripped lightly, is all.

Haruka: Great~. You two found each other!

Takane: Well, with this, it’s all solved, right?

Shintaro: Hah? What is?

Takane: I’m talking about the human shadow that you said you saw! This means that, in the end, Ayano-chan was close by, so she saw your shadow and you saw her silhouette, right?

Ayano: I see, so that’s what happened!

Takane: The step sounds that you said you’d heard just now were probably this guy’s, right? Meaning there was no need to be scared.

Shintaro: I wasn’t scared at all.

Takane: Haah? You say that after you take a look at the weird chat text you wrote!

Ayano: Ah! We headed to the staff room just now, and the lights are on!

Haruka: Great~. The teachers were still there, huh?

Shintaro: They are unlocking the gate, so we will go home as of now.

Haruka: Speaking of which, Shintaro-kun, why were you at school?

Shintaro: I had forgotten something. I brought a lunchbox today, and forgot the box. I came to get it back before Mom noticed.

Haruka: Shintaro-kun, you did say that your mom is scary when she’s angry~.

Takane: Well, either way, the case is settled, right? It’s already late, so you’d better properly escort Ayano-chan! Got it!?

Shintaro: Ah—Yes, yes.

Ayano: So-Sorry, Shintaro. If it’s a bother, I can go home by myse-se-se-se—

Shintaro: No, it doesn’t particularly get to the point of being a bother.

Takane: Speaking of which, you guys are together, so isn’t it meaningless to talk in the chatroom?

Haruka: It’s dangerous to type while you walk.

Shintaro: That’s right.

Haruka: Then, you two, see you again at school.

Shintaro: Aight.

Ayano: Yes! Senpais, thank you very much too!

Haruka: Myy~. I’m glad they’re both safe.

Takane: Well, this might have been quite a pastime.

Haruka: The school at night is pretty good, huh~? I kinda look up to it~.

Takane: How about you quit saying ridiculous stuff and go sleep already? I’ll sleep early today too.

Haruka: Huh? But Takane, don’t you think it’s odd?

Takane: What is?

Haruka: The human shadow that Ayano-chan saw was outside the window of a classroom, right? Takane? He~y.

Takane: S-S-S-She saw it wrong, right? She mistook a shadow reflecting on the window.

Haruka: But, if it were a real person, what would they have been doing outside school this late…?

Takane-san has logged out.

Haruka: Ah, huh? Takane? Even though I was in the middle of talking… Well, I can just say it tomorrow. Good ni~ght.
