# MEKAKUCITY TALKERS 第二十七幕

## 日文原档

略。

## 中文自译

略。

## 英文搬运

Kido, Kano, Seto

Seto: I have a little something to discuss with you two.

Kano: What is it, what is it, what happened~? Any worries?

Kido: It’s rare for you to be the one calling out to us. What happened? Try saying it.

Kano: Since we’re just the three of us in a separate chatroom, the topic is difficult to talk about, right? You can to~tally leave this to us!

Seto: No, it’s not that serious of a talk at all. Actually, do you guys remember? Tomorrow is Dad’s birthday. Did you prepare any presents?

Kano: Ah~, that’s what it was…

Kido: I see…

Seto: Eh? What’s with those reactions? It’s not like you had forgotten it, right?

Kano: No~, we did remember~, but we’ve already left our father’s nest. We’re adults? Kinda?

Kido: We’ve also grown out of getting together and handing presents over…

Seto: Wait, what’re you guys saying? Didn’t we use to often give him presents when we were kids? Besides, we promised we’d go back to our house tomorrow.

Kano: No, no, we get that, y’know? We’ll make sure to go back.

Kido: It’s not as if we don’t feel like celebrating.

Seto: Then what’s going on? You’re being weird. You’re hiding something, right?

Kano: Wo~w, you’ve gotten sharp, huh, Seto.

Kido: This is ‘cause you lie too much. Besides, I know it, Kano.

Kano: Eh? Know what?

Seto: Kido, are you onto something?

Kido: Yeah. In order to prepare a present for Dad, Kano is secretly taking lessons on pottery making.

Seto: Eh!? “Pottery”!?

Kano: Eh, wai—Wha—Hold on. How do you know this, Kido?

Kido: It seems that the lady from the shop district is attending the same class. Looks like they’re making bottles and cups for drinking rice wine.

Seto: Kano! To think you’d go as far as taking classes for Dad’s sake! I’m moved!

Kano: No, it’s not that big of a deal. See, a present for Dad would be something difficult to pick, y’know? Rather than his hobbies, his tastes go beyond our imagination, so I’d been wondering if the shape of the goods for drinking rice wine that are sold in the market wouldn’t match his taste~. That’s why I deliberately made a display of my originality, like, I wanted to do something a bit fancy~, so to say.

Kido: Those excuses are hard to look at. How about being honest?

Seto: That’s right. Kano is really kindhearted after all. You made them thinking about how Dad enjoys drinking, right?

Kano: Stop saying stuff like that~. By the way! I know it too! Kido has been doing needlework night after night to prepare a present for Dad!

Seto: Eh!? “Needlework”!?

Kido: uyo—You. How do you know that!?

Kano: Fuhfuhfu… Trying to hide things from me is useless. From the shape of that knitting, it’s an article of clothing… seeing the size and color, it was made for an adult man… In short, it’s a present for Dad.

Kido: Kuh… It’s just as you say… To think you’d have realized it…

Seto: But that’s amazing. Kido, you could knit, huh?

Kano: She feels more and more like a “Mum”, huh?

Kido: Stop! How old do you think I am!? A daughter giving something hand-knitted to her father is nothing weird, right!?

Seto: Of course. But why knitting?

Kido: Well, because it’ll get partly cold in the upcoming season, so I’d been thinking of giving a sweater or something like that. I learned from Marry and tried making one.

Kano: Aah, Marry does knit every now and then, right?:

Seto: Huh? I’ve never seen Marry knitting a sweater before, though.

Kido: Well, in the beginning, I was learning from her, but…

Kano: Aah, you got better than her while you were doing it.

Seto: Marry…

Kido: No, look, Marry often knits coasters and the like, right? Just that is enough.

Seto: True… Rather, you two have properly prepared presents, haven’t you? Why did you hide them?

Kano: Well…

Kido: About that…

Seto: You’ll hand them over tomorrow, right?

Kido: That was the plan, but…

Kano: Hum…

Seto: Could it be you haven’t finished them?

Kano: Well, that’s it…

Kido: This really was a blind spot…

Kano: I definitely won’t make it in time for tomorrow…

Kido: Same.

Seto: Why is it that you guys lack so much the ability to make plans!? Even though you usually do things properly!

Kano: No, I was also intending to prepare it faster, y’know? But there’s a lot of depth to ceramics~. I got addicted without thinking~. I need a bit more time to make it into a shape that I’m satisfied with…

Kido: I, too, was intending to go for something more simple at the beginning. To tell the truth, I’ve already finished a hat.

Seto: Isn’t that awesome?

Kano: Eh, then you already have a present.

Kido: No, I already went through the trouble of it, so I thought it’d be good to challenge myself with something bigger and started knitting a sweater. This is quite a masterpiece.

Seto: That’s great but isn’t it okay to give him the hat first tomorrow?

Kido: No can do. The hat is the first thing I made, so the flaws are standing out. I can supposedly make the sweater in a better way.

Kano: You’re a lump of ambitions.

Seto: Kano, don’t talk of others like it doesn’t apply to you. Well, but if you won’t make it in time, it can’t be helped. Anyhow, come with me to hand over my present tomorrow. You two can give yours once each of them are finished.

Kano: Eh? Is that okay?

Kido: Seto, what do you plan to give him?

Seto: Veggies from my kitchen garden.

Kano: Eh, Seto, you were keeping a kitchen garden!?

Seto: I heard from Nee-chan that Dad isn’t eating enough vegetables, and it seems he’s also on a diet. I want him to eat those veggies and be healthy.

Kido: That’s a good thinking.

Kano: It’s a great Seto-like present.

Kido: By the way, where’s that so-called kitchen garden you spoke of?

Seto: I borrowed a place next to Marry’s former home. When I went there yesterday, the veggies had ripened nicely, so I’ll harvest and bring them over tomorrow.

Kido: No, that’s the middle of a forest, right?

Seto: That’s right.

Kido: I don’t wanna be the one to say it, but won’t they be eaten by animals?

Kano: No, it’s clear that Seto had presumed that and set up countermeasures.

Seto: Blind spot…

Kano: Eh!?

Seto: The animals of that forest are good children, but maybe because of their wild instinct, they have a weakness for food. Besides, they can also tell when it’s the right time to eat vegetables. I’ll go take a little look at them.

Kano: Eh?

Kido: Hey, Seto.

Kano: Heyy, what do we do about this? If Seto doesn’t have a present, will we go empty-handed?

Kido: Aah, wait up. We still have time until tomorrow. We gotta come up with something…

---

The next day…

Tateyama Household Chatroom

Kenjirou: He~y, at what time are you guys coming over? It’s past the hour we agreed on.

Kano: Ah~, well, about that, our preparations delayed because of a tiny trouble~.

Kenjirou: “Trouble”? You okay? Did something happen?

Kido: No, there’s no problem at all. If you just give us a bit more time…

Kenjirou: What’s this? Speak honestly.

Kano: Erm…

Seto: We can’t win against Dad… We didn’t manage to prepare presents to give you today.

Kano: Wait, Seto! No, I actually have one, y’know? I do have a present, but it’s still in the oven, so to say…

Seto: I did too. But it’s kinda gone, it kinda got eaten… It’s now in the stomachs of wild animals, so to say.

Kido: Just the sleeves left… I can’t give it to Dad with no sleeves…

Kenjirou: What’re you guys saying? It’s okay if you don’t have a present.

Kano: Eh? Is it?

Kenjirou: Kids shouldn’t be so cautious with their parents. I’m fine with just seeing your faces.

Seto: Dad…

Kano: Sorry… we…

Kenjirou: No, more importantly, hurry back home.

Kido: Yeah, we’ll be heading there now.

Kenjirou: As fast as possible. Also, it’d help if you could buy some extra foodstuff.

Kano: Dad?

Kido: What happened? If it’s ingredients, Nee-san was the one in charge of preparing them, right?

Kenjirou: You see, Ayano got tired of waiting for you and started cooking by herself… with enough motivation to even make a cake…

Kano: All right, let’s hurry.

Seto: Let’s stop Nee-chan…!

Kido: Dad! Wait on and keep answering until I get there!

Kenjirou: It’s fine… As long as I get to see you guys’ faces… it doesn’t matter whatever my birthday meal is…

Seto: Dad! Stay firm!

Kenjirou: Aah… a slightly black smoke has already started to become visible from the kitchen… I leave… the rest… to you…

Kano: D-DAAAAAAAAD!!!
