# MEKAKUCITY TALKERS 第二十九幕

## 日文原档

略。

## 中文自译

略。

## 英文搬运

Mekakushi-dan Chatroom

Momo: Well, then, Onii-chan. I’m going to work now, but you made a promise! Don’t forget it!

Shintaro: ‘Kay, ‘kay. If you’re going out, be careful. Now…

Marry: What are you talking about?

Shintaro: Owah. You were on, Marry?

Marry: Yup. Oitsusu.

Shintaro: Oissu~. By the way, you’ve become faster at typing in the chat.

Marry: It’s ‘cause I practiced. More importantly, what were you talking about with Momo-chan?

Shintaro: Ah? Ah I was made to hang out with her next time she goes shopping. She was reminding me to not forget on the day.

Marry: “Shopping”?

Shintaro: She’s seriously come to resemble Mom lately, after all. It’s horrible when she gets angry, even though she used to have a lovable nature and follow me around at my back like, “Onii-chan, Onii-chan” in the past.

Marry: Onii-chan.

Shintaro: Hm?

Marry: Onii-chan.

Shintaro: What’s that? Are you imitating Momo?

Marry: I want an Onii-chan too.

Shintaro: Haah? What’s up with you all of a sudden?

Marry: I’m enouvis. Momo-chan has an Onii-chan to play with.

Shintaro: What time are you talking about? That’s from back when we were kids, right?

Marry: And to bathe together.

Shintaro: Hey, hey, hey, don’t talk about things that could cause misunderstandings. This stuff is from when we were little, yeah?

Kano: Shintaro-kun, you guys do that!?

Shintaro: You bastard, showing up at a splendid timing.

Marry: Kano.

Kano: You two, oissu~. You kinda seem to be having an interesting conversation, so I was keeping watch for the timing to step in~. Well? What was that about baths again?

Shintaro: I said that this was something from the past, right? We’d often bathe together and play around, since I had to look after her while Mom was doing housework.

Kano: Heeh~! Aren’t you a great Onii-cha~n?!

Marry: Onii-chans play around and look after others. I want one.

Shintaro: No, even if you talk like we’re convenient goods…

Kano: For starters, it’s not something you can have by saying you want one.

Marry: What about the storks?

Shintaro: Eh?

Marry: Or maybe they’re sold in the cabbage fields?

Kano: Ah~, that’s the knowledge you have…?

Shintaro: T-T-That’s right, those kinds of theories exist too…

Kano: Well, well, anyway! It’s impossible for you to have a real Onii-chan! But maybe you could have someone act as an Onii-chan? One that would take you shopping.

Marry: Who?

Kano: Of course, the example of Onii-chan, Shintaro-kun.

Shintaro: Me?

Marry: Shintaro-onii-chan, I wanna go outside.

Shintaro: Uuh. It’s like I can see those innocent eyes even beyond the screen… No can do, no can do. If I go out to have fun so frequently, my status as NEET will…

Kano: Isn’t it fine? Go to the amusement park or something.

Marry: Amusement. I wanna go.

Shintaro: “Amusement park”, yeah? I don’t mind taking you there, but I can do that even without being your Onii-chan, right?

Kano: Indeed, it might not change much from the normal Shintaro-kun.

Shintaro: That’s baton touch, Kano-onii-chan.

Kano: Eh~? Me?

Shintaro: You guys from the hideout are like siblings, right?

Kano: Well, yeah, but… I don’t have that much Onii-chan power, y’see~

Shintaro: What’s that “Onii-chan power” thingy?

Marry: Kano-onii-chan, can you buy me the stuff I like?

Kano: Hey, isn’t this little sister sort of going after her Onii-chan’s wallet?

Shintaro: This is also an Onii-chan’s job. Go along with it.

Kano: Eeh~

Marry: We’ll go shopping.

Kano: By the way, what is it that you want, Marry?

Marry: A vase.

Kano: Wait, I guess I really am not cut to be an Onii-chan after all!!! I decline!!!

Seto: Oissussu.

Kano: SETO!!! YOU CAME AT A GOOD TIME!!!

Seto: Eh? What is it?

Kano: Pass, pass! I pass being an Onii-chan!

Shintaro: Marry is recruiting an Onii-chan. Seto, how about you become a candidate too?

Seto: Onii-chan?

Marry: I want an Onii-chan.

Seto: You want an Onii-chan, huh? I wonder if I could do it.

Kano: It’s okay~. I mean, Seto, when you walk around with Marry, you guys often get mistaken for siblings, right?

Seto: That’s true, but it’s a matter of whose eyes look at us. This is about whether what’s inside of me is an Onii-chan or not.

Shintaro: Actually, for starters, what does Marry want an Onii-chan to do?

Marry: Onii-chans are kindhearted and can do anything. They can use magic.

Seto: No, no, no, what world is this type of Onii-chan from?! You’ve been watching too much anime, Marry!

Kano: You can do it, you can do it.

Shintaro: Do your best, do your best.

Seto: No, it’s impossible!

Marry: Seto-onii-chan.

Seto: Uh, that way of referring to me gives me a weird feeling… I wish you would drop it…

Kano: Well, even if we leave the magic aside, in the end, if we’re talking about an Onii-chan, shouldn’t it be Shintaro-kun?

Shintaro: Why?

Seto: That’s right! Leaving it to Shintaro-san, who is the one with longest history as an Onii-chan, is the best option.

Shintaro: No, about that, I’ve thinking of it a while ago, but Marry, do you really need an Onii-chan?

Marry: Why do you ask? I do want an Onii-chan, y’know?

Shintaro: Onii-chans might indeed play around with you, take you shopping and buy you the stuff you wish for, but we can also do that, right? Marry, if you request it, no one will refuse.

Marry: Really?

Shintaro: Yeah.

Kano: That’s indeed true. Maybe even if we don’t to go through the trouble of becoming Onii-chans, we can have fun with you the way we are anytime, y’know?

Seto: That’s right. If it’s something we can do, we’ll grant it to you.

Marry: Everyone, thank you. I don’t need an Onii-chan. I wanna go have fun with a friend.

Kano: Yup, yup! Do that! This being said, Shintaro-kun! Hang out with Marry for a day!

Shintaro: It’s still me in the end?!

Seto: Shintaro-san, if it’s you, we can leave her to your care. Shopping with Marry is terrible. A bizarre phenomenon where the contents of my wallet disappear before I realize it also happens.

Shintaro: No, that’s no bizarre phenomenon. You got that from buying stuff. So scary.

Kano: There, there. Do your best, Shintaro-kun!

Seto: Fight!

Shintaro: No choice… Then, Marry, when do you wanna go?

Marry: Tomorrow. We wake up at five and leave.

Shintaro: “At five”?

Marry: We’ll walk to the amusement park.

Shintaro: Hey, are you for real?
