# MEKAKUCITY TALKERS 第三十幕

## 日文原档

略。

## 中文自译

略。

## 英文搬运

Mekakushi-dan Girls’ Group

Ene: My~, it’s autumn already, huh~. That oh-so-hot summer is over~.

Kido: Yeah. It’s gotten pretty refreshing.

Momo: It’s already at the point of being cold! It gets chilly during the evening and times like that, doesn’t it?

Kido: Kisaragi, that’s because you have too many clothes that leave out your arms and legs. It’s not good to let your body get cool. I recommend a wool waistband.

Momo: Ah! I know! Waistbands are fashionable and cute lately, huh~! Like those with fish paste cake patterns!

Ene: You’ve found something rare again, huh, Imouto-san?

Momo: Wouldn’t the feeling of entering a fish paste cake tube be wonderful?

Kido: If you’re talking about foods with holes in them, at least limit it to doughnuts.

Momo: ‘Ka~y… Ah, what about green onions?

Ene: That’s an aggressive fashion sense, huh~. Still, getting excited over a talk about waistbands is something we can only do in a girls-exclusive chatroom!

Kido: That’s right. At first, I thought there’d be no need to make one, but there are things we can only discuss with fellow girls, after all.

Ene: Well, when I some~times take a look at the log, a lot of pointless discussions come up, though~.

Momo: Ever since we started using the chat, autumn arrived before we realized. I can’t hear the cries of the cicadas at all anymore… Huh?

Kido: Hm?

Ene: What’s wrong?

Momo: I wonder if it’s just my imagination. I noticed just now… that I can actually hear the cicadas’ cries, y’know…?

Kido: By “cicadas”, you mean the insect?

Ene: It can’t be~! We’re already in October, y’know?

Momo: But I definitely heard a “mi~n, mi~n”! Ah, it stopped. What might it have been?

Ene: Myy~, how scary~. Could it be that this is a curse from the cicadas that haven’t yet gone to heaven…

Kido: Hey, don’t say weird stuff.

Ene: Eh~, then… Surprisingly, it might be just Master saying “min, min”?

Kido: No, that’s actually scary.

Ene: That room has quite a bit of sound leakage, you see~.

Momo: That’s right~. I can sometimes hear Ene-chan’s voice from Onii-chan’s room.

Ene: Eh, seriously?

Momo: Does the hideout have that problem?

Kido: I’ve never been bothered by it. I sometimes listen to music in my room, but I listen with headphones, so the sound doesn’t leak out.

Momo: Indeed, the walls of the hideout seem thick, huh~.

Kido: There are no issues with sound, but… there are with smell.

Momo: “Smell”?

Kido: You see, it seems that Seto sometimes hides lost animals in his room.

Ene: Heeh~! Isn’t he nice~?!

Kido: Well, if it were cats and dogs, that’d be fine, but…

Momo: Don’t tell me…

Kido: Every now and then, there I feel the presence of deers and boars…

Ene: Aren’t they wild beasts?!

Kido: They’re from the wild, after all… It stinks of animals quite a bit…

Ene: I think the smell isn’t the problem anymore, though!?

Momo: That’s kinda like a zoo, huh~.

Kido: I want him to do something about this at least.

Ene: As expected, isn’t it better to be wary of wildlife? It’s dangerous.

Momo: Even if it’s Seto-san and even if he used to animals, it’d be terrible if he became unable to return from the wild, right~?

Kido: True… Wait a bit.

Momo: What is it?

Kido: Well, Seto called me just now.

Ene: Oh! Speak of the devil!

Kido: By the looks of it, he has something to discuss.

Momo: Then, while you’re at it, how about you tell him about the animals?

Ene: Ah~, that’s right~! Take full advantage of the opportunity!

Kido: Right… ‘Kay, I’m off.

Momo: Have a safe tri~p.

Ene: Still, what might he be wanting to discuss with Danchou-san?

Momo: Maybe advice for today’s menu?

Ayano: Oissu. Huh? Did I just miss Tsubomi?

Momo: Ah! Ayano-san, welcome~.

Ene: Oissu for yo~u.

Momo: Do you have some business with Danchou-san?

Ayano: Yup. Not just Tsubomi. I thought I’d tell everyone about it for a bit. Shintaro has a pet rabbit, right?

Momo: Tono-chan, you mean?

Ayano: Yes, yes. To tell the truth, it seems she’s gone missing…

Ene: EEH!? ISN’T THAT A DISASTER?!!

Momo: Onii-chan didn’t say a single thing about that…

Ayano: Surely he didn’t want to make you worry, Momo-chan. Shintaro is kindhearted despite his looks, after all. But by that reaction, it means nobody knows about it, right…?

Kido: Just came back.

Ayano: Ah, Tsubomi, welcome back. There’s something I wanna ask…

Kido: Nee-san, about that…

Momo: Danchou-san, you know something?

Kido: Well, I don’t know where the rabbit went, yet comparing what Nee-san just said… No, but…

Momo: What happened, Danchou-san?!

Ayano: Tsubomi, can’t you talk about it?

Kido: Aah… To tell the truth, I was called over by Seto, who said he had something to discuss with me, but he didn’t say anything in particular and handed me a little something.

Momo: “A little something”?

Kido: When I asked, “What’s this?”, he answered “Rabbit fur” and left.

Momo: R-R-R-Rabbit fur!?

Ene: This story is too timely…

Kido: I was also surprised when I read what Nee-san said.

Ayano: Then could it be…

Momo: It’s Tono-chan’s fur?

Kido: No, there’s no way…

Marry: Next will be you.

Kido: Ma-Marry, you were here? What’s up with you all of a sudden?

Momo: Hold on a minute. Does that mean “the same will be done with you next”…?

Kido: Don’t spout nonsense. It couldn’t be… There’s no way that would be it.

Momo: But, that stuff about Seto-san bringing in animals… could it be…

Ayano: You’re overthinking it! Kousuke isn’t the kind of kid that would do something like that…!

Momo: T-That’s right. I’m misunderstanding it.

Marry: There Seto is.

Momo: Eh!? Marry-chan, Seto-san is nearby!?

Marry: Yup. When I threatened him, he ran away.

Ene: If you threaten the culprit, you’ll only motivate him more!

Ayano: I-I don’t like this “culprit” thing…

Kido: It’s not for certain yet, right? It’s true that Seto doesn’t choose his means when he has an objective, but…

Ene: Feels like this didn’t turn out as a follow-up…

Momo: Marry-chan, how was Seto-san’s attitude?

Kido: Marry?

Ene: Eh? Is she gone?

Kido: What happened?

Marry: Just now, Kano came by. He handed me a letter.

Kido: A letter from Kano?

Ene: There seems to be some meaning to this…

Kido: Anything and everything can be thought of as suspicious right now… But indeed, Kano and Seto had been locking themselves up in their rooms lately and seemed to be doing something night after night…

Ene: There’s a possibility of complicity…

Momo: What’s written there!?

Marry: Erm, it says “next Sunday in the amusement park”.

Momo: “Next Sunday”…?

Ene: “Amusement park”…?

Kido: No good, I don’t get it at all.

Hiyori: It’s obviously a letter of challenge.

Momo: Hiyori-chan!?

Ene: Oh~!? Such a rare guest at such a timing, huh~!?

Kido: How long have you been here?

Hiyori: Since just now.

Momo: But, by “letter of challenge”, you mean…?

Hiyori: By that date, place, and the current situation, there’s no mistaking that you’re being requested for a duel. The boys are underestimating you.

Kido: No, Kano and Seto aren’t that type.

Ene: There, there, there, isn’t this fine? We won’t make any progress, so let’s all go hear out the real situation on the day!

Marry: I’ll fight.

Hiyori: Well said. This means you aren’t just a little princess, huh?

Momo: A duel! I’m kinda excited!

Ayano: Though I’m worried, I’ll go too!

Ene: Since it’s settled, we must prepare for the duel! How about a sleepover until next Sunday?

Momo: Yay~! Sleepover!

Marry: Looking forward to it.

Momo: I gotta hurry and prepare the sleepover goods.

Ene: Anyway, let’s dismiss ourselves. When we’re ready, let’s contact each other again.

Momo: Ye~s.

Kido: No, hey, wait a bit. What will we do in that duel?
