# MEKAKUCITY TALKERS 第三十一幕

## 日文原档

略。

## 中文自译

略。

## 英文搬运

Mekakushi-dan ☆ Boys’ Room

Kano: No, I think something’s up with this plan… Just a rabbit isn’t enough, is it?

Seto: Is that so? I think that’s plenty…

Shintaro: OI~~~~SSU. It’s so peaceful, huh~~~~~.

Kano: Uwah. What’s wrong, Shintaro-kun?

Seto: Oissussu. Doing fine today?

Shintaro: Well, well, well. It’s great that you guys are doing fine too. Aren’t you pretty fired-up? What? You wanna ask me what I’m doing right now? I’m currently entrusting my body to my bed and letting myself reflect about world peace.

Kano: No, we didn’t ask that. Also, aren’t things the same as ever?

Seto: You sure are fine, huh? Did something good happen?

Shintaro: Well, everything has been solved, after all. Don’t mind me. Summer has ended as well, so let’s not lose to the coldness and have fun.

Kano: Hey, it’s a bit hard to make the connection…

Seto: Shintaro-san is sometimes emotionally unstable, huh.

Kano: Well, but indeed, it ended in a blink of eye, didn’t it? Summer, that is.

Seto: That’s right.

Kano: In the end, we didn’t get to do anything summer-like.

Shintaro: True. What did you guys do this summer?

Kano: Hu~m… Ate… Slept… Woke up…

Shintaro: Uwah.

Kano: What about you, Shintaro-kun, did you do anything summer-ish?

Shintaro: That’s right. This summer, I went to a beauty parlor.

Kano: That’s not eventful at all. And you, Seto?

Seto: I worked part-time.

Kano: Thought so~. It’s really like we spent it without doing anything… Ah, but we did go camping.

Seto: That’s right, but I kinda don’t remember it very well.

Shintaro: Weren’t you tired?

Seto: I guess.

Shintaro: But thinking about it made me feel lonely. So it’s over… Summer…

Kano: If you’re this lonely, why don’t you play the sounds of cicadas or something?

Shintaro: I’ll do that. Oh, it’s super summer-like? Guess I’ll raise the volume a little.

Kano: Won’t the person of the room next to yours be able to hear it if the sound is too loud? You’d said there’s quite a bit of sound leakage in them, right?

Shintaro: That’s right. Sometimes I can hear the explosion sounds of the videos that Momo watches.

Seto: What’s with those videos that Kisaragi-san is watching?

Shintaro: How’s the hideout in this aspect?

Seto: Eh, the hideout? Let’s see… The walls between the rooms are thick, so I don’t think we have that problem.

Kano: I’ve also never been bothered by it~.

Seto: Ah, but doesn’t Kido listen to music? I think she probably listens with earphones, but maybe because she doesn’t realize that the earphones get plugged off, I sometimes hear music blasting loudly when I pass by her bedroom.

Kano: Eh, is that true?

Shintaro: Isn’t it better to tell her about it?

Seto: That’s right… Kano, won’t you say it?

Kano: Don’t wanna. Why me?

Seto: See, aren’t you used to this kinda stuff?

Kano: It’s not like I meddle on Kido’s affairs every day. Besides, if I say something uncalled for, in the end, I’ll just get beaten up.

Shintaro: So you’re aware that you say uncalled-for things.

Kano: Hey, hey, enough of this. Seto, you go say it. It’d be a pity to leave her without noticing, wouldn’t it?

Seto: I get it. Then… I’m off.

Kano: ‘Ka~y. Kido often deals people a blow of her right-leg kick, so I think you can guard yourself if you’re careful with just that.

Shintaro: Don’t give scary advice.

Konoha: Hello.

Shintaro: Oh~, Konoha.

Kano: Hello~.

Shintaro: My bad for earlier. You saved my ass.

Konoha: It’s fine. I’m glad I was able to help Shintaro.

Kano: What, what? So something really did happen?

Shintaro: To tell the truth, the rabbit I keep here at home, Tono-chan, escaped from our place.

Kano: EEH!? Isn’t that a disaster!?

Shintaro: Aah, no problem. It’s already been resolved. Konoha found her.

Kano: Ah, that’s great~. I see, that’s why you were energetic earlier.

Shintaro: Exactly.

Konoha: But it wasn’t just me.

Shintaro: Did you get advice from someone?

Konoha: From Sensei.

Kano: Ah, if it’s Dad, he’s knowledgeable of animals’ habits and the like. It’s good that you found her. Ah, was Nee-chan home at that time?

Konoha: Hm…? She was, I guess? Maybe not.

Kano: Then that’s okay. Because, if Nee-chan had gotten to know that Shintaro’s pet rabbit had gone missing, she’d have caused a big fuss.

Shintaro: Ah? Why? Does she like rabbits that much?

Kano: No, no, it’s not like that~. Well, anyway, aren’t you glad that Tono-chan was unharmed?

Seto: Just came back.

Kano: Ah, welcome back~.

Konoha: Hello.

Seto: Ah, hello.

Kano: How did it go? Did she get mad at you?

Shintaro: Why’re you having expectations on her getting mad?

Seto: Well, about that, it seems she was in a pretty bad mood, so the feeling of overpowerment was incredible.

Shintaro: Hie…

Kano: Well, did you tell her?

Seto: I couldn’t bring myself to say it… But I also didn’t want her to think I’d called her over without having any business with her, so I handed her a rabbit hairball instead.

Kano: Why!?

Seto: Well, it was in my pocket by coincidence…

Kano: No, that’s not what I mean!

Seto: I said it’s a hairball, but it’s kinda like a stuffed toy, y’know? A rabbit that often comes to play around at the hideout is in its molting period, so it sheds a lot of fur. I thought that, if I tried making a plushie out of the rabbit’s fur, it might turn out cute, so I gave it a shot.

Shintaro: That’s nice. My Tono has also been shedding a lot of hair lately.

Seto: Next time, I’ll lend you my tools.

Kano: Well, Kido doesn’t hate fluffy things, so maybe she’s thinking of it as a present and is surprisingly pleased?

Seto: That’d be good.

Konoha: Animals? In the hideout?

Kano: No, it’s not like we own any, but it seems that the ones that got attached to Seto sometimes come over.

Seto: They’re precious friends that have been playing with me since the past.

Shintaro: Hehe, isn’t that a nice story…?

Kano: Ah, speaking of animals, Shintaro-kun, there’s a game I wanna recommend you.

Shintaro: A game?

Hibiya: Huh? Just when I thought that it was getting kinda tumultuous here… You’re talking about animals again?

Kano: Ah! Hibiya-kun. No, no, it’s not a talk only about animals.

Seto: Lately, Kano and I have been hooked on a card game. The cards have animals as their motifs.

Shintaro: Heeh~, a card game? I’ve never played any.

Kano: Right? Shintaro-kun, I think you’ll enjoy it too.

Seto: We’ve been getting together in my room in the middle of the night lately, assembling decks.

Hibiya: An animal card game? The boys from my classroom might be into it.

Kano: Isn’t that just great?! Hibiya-kun, come do it too~. Next time, I’ll give you the cards I have in excess!

Hibiya: I’m not very interested in that stuff, though…

Seto: If I’m certain, I think there were countless of them inside the living room’s self. I’ll go look.

Kano: Please~.

Hibiya: Actually, aren’t you embarrassed of doing that at your age? Even though I’m saying this myself, cards are stuff for elementary scholars like me to play, right?

Kano: You shouldn’t say stupid things, Hibiya-kun. Card games are the preference of true adults.

Seto: A disaster has happened.

Kano: Hm?

Shintaro: What’s wrong, Seto?

Seto: Just now, when I went to the living room, I ran into Marry.

Kano: That’s ‘cause we live together. We’d naturally run into each other, right?

Seto: No, about that, she was totally glaring at me.

Shintaro: After running into you, out of the blue?

Seto: That’s right…

Kano: Kido was the same just now. Did you do anything to make her angry~?

Hibiya: Eh, what did you do to a woman…?

Seto: No, no, no, I have no idea!

Shintaro: Ah. Wait. Crap. Marry is pissed?

Seto: Well, speaking in terms of being pissed, I think she was.

Shintaro: No, but could it be it’s about that?

Kano: Do you have any idea?

Shintaro: Well, last time, I promised Marry to take her to the amusement park, didn’t I? To tell the truth, on the arranged day, the weather was horrible, so we canceled it.

Kano: A typhoon had been approaching, right? Isn’t it something that can’t be helped?

Shintaro: About that, ever since I said “let’s leave it for next time”, I’d forgotten it…

Kano: Ah~

Seto: Indeed, Marry always remembers these things. Maybe because of this…

Shintaro: Is she that mad? Kano! Please! Go apologize to her!

Kano: Eh~, why me?!

Shintaro: I can’t tell Marry’s feelings just from chatroom texts, and I’ve got this hunch that things will get ugly if we don’t deal with it soon!

Kano: Then, isn’t it better to have Seto go?

Seto: I’m no good for that anymore. To think that Marry would look at me with eyes like that…

Konoha: Poor thing.

Shintaro: See, Seto can no longer take it. Besides, Kano, you’re used to making Marry angry, right?

Kano: I’m telling you I don’t wanna~. I’d just say something uncalled for and make piss her off again.

Shintaro: If you know that, make sure you don’t speak. No, wait. I see. How about you give her a letter with our plans for next time?

Kano: Well, if I just gotta hand over a letter, it’s okay.

Shintaro: Please write that we can go to the amusement park next Sunday!

Kano: Yes, yes. Next Sunday, amusement park it is.

Konoha: I want to go too.

Shintaro: Oh.

Seto: I’ll also be on a day off from my part-time job next Sunday.

Shintaro: Then how about we all go?

Kano: Seems good. We’re going through this trouble, so let’s go have fun all together for the first time in a while.

Shintaro: Marry would also be happier if there were more people.

Seto: Thinking that way, I’ve kind of started looking forward to it.

Shintaro: Summer has ended, but it’s not only during summer that we can all make merry, right?

Kano: That’s right, Shintaro-kun!

Seto: As expected, you say some good stuff.

Shintaro: Stop it; I’ll get bashful. ‘Ka~y, you guys, let’s have fun all together next Sunday in the amusement park!
