# MEKAKUCITY TALKERS 第三十二幕

## 日文原档

略。

## 中文自译

略。

## 英文搬运

Mekakushi-dan Chatroom

Ayano: So, it seems this movie is fun.

Shintaro: Oh.

Ayano: Hum, and also, it looks like the tickets for it are cheap if you buy them online.

Shintaro: This kind of thing is common lately.

Ayano: Yup, hum, if you’d like, erm, is it okay if I ask you to buy tickets for two…?

Shintaro: Yeah, it’s fine.

Ayano: R-R-R-REALLY!? Is it really all right!?

Shintaro: What’s that? You’re so exaggerated. Not even I would act like just making an online purchase is a hassle.

Ayano: Yup, yup…! Thank you…! Hum, then, one of the tickets is for me, and about the other ticket… hum, Shintaro, could you pay for it?

Shintaro: Eh? You, does that mean…

Ayano: Sorry for being abrupt, but I wanted to go together no matter what…

Shintaro: Ayano, you…

Ayano: Yep…

Shintaro: You’ll be going with Momo?

Ayano: Eh?

Shintaro: What, so this means I gotta pay for her ticket in her stead, right? I don’t particularly mind it. So you and Momo were interested in these love story movies? And stuff of the sort. That “couples make long lines everyday!” is becoming a topic in the internet too. Well, it seems you’re going to have fun with my little sister, so it’s something to be grateful for.

Ayano: SHINTARO, YOU DON’T UNDERSTAND ANYTHING!!!!!!!

Shintaro: Hoan? What’s that out of the blue!?

Ayano: You don’t understand anything about how girls feel!!!

Shintaro: What’s with you so suddenly? I said I’ll reserve the tickets and buy Momo’s fare for her!

Ayano: Sure, but that’s not it!!!!!

Shintaro: Hah? What’s this out of nowhere? Why’re you angry?

Ayano: I’m not!

Shintaro: You are.

Ayano: I’m telling you that I’m not!

Shintaro: No, like I said…

Ene: Oyaoyaoya~? Things appear stormy for some reason. You two should be fair and square.

Ayano: Ah, Takane-san.

Ene: HEY!??!? COULD YOU NOT CALL ME BY THAT NAME!?!??

Ayano: Eh, ah, I’m sorry! Ene-san, what’s the matter?

Shintaro: What’ve you come here to do?

Ene: Eh~, ahem! I thought that the chatroom was noisy, and when I tried taking a peek, I found the two of you having a rare fight!

Shintaro: We’re not fighting. Ayano is acting on her own accord.

Ayano: I wonder about the person saying that. Being unilateral isn’t a good thing, is it?

Ene: There, there, there. By the looks of it, you have opinions that neither would yield. If you’ll go as far as continuing with this unproductive argument, how about you try to settle it with a competition?

Shintaro: “Competition”, you say?

Ayano: Tell us the details.

Ene: Eeh, eeh, that’s fine! I will explain! The “competition” would be… simply put, a quiz showdown!

Shintaro: “Quiz”?

Ene: The rules are simple! I’ll come up with questions and give points to whoever can answer the quickest! The winner will be the one who manages to give most right answers!

Shintaro: Doesn’t it seem interesting? All right. I’ll do it.

Ayano: I also can only put on airs of being calm and composed for now, so I won’t hold back!

Ene: Fuhfuhfu~, both seem to be more than willing! Well, then, let’s get to it! First question~! Di-Ding! What is the name of the inequality applied to variance and covariance in inequalities that evaluate the possible inner product between two vectors in the energy of the inner product space by the norm of each vector, various inner products for vectors of finite and infinite dimensions in linear algebra, function analysis and probability theory?

Shintaro: Cauchy-Schwarz Inequality.

Ene: CORRECT!!!!

Shintaro: All right.

Ayano: Hey~~~, that’s difficult~~~. There’s no chance for me to win~~~.

Ene: Myy~, being able to give an instant answer this fast… As expected of Master~.

Shintaro: That’s ‘cause typing takes time. I worry only about not falling behind.

Ayano: Actually, Ene-san! Isn’t this a quiz!? That a math problem, wasn’t it?! Let’s leave out this kind of thing! ‘Kay?

Shintaro: There’s no guarantee that quizzes will always be riddles. To be precise, it’s about “asking something”. In other words, it’s “asking questions about trivia”.

Ayano: We don’t need this now! I’m talking to Takane-san!

Shintaro: Hieh…

Ene: H-Hum~, I’d like you not to call me “Takane-san”~.

Ayano: Enough already! Please on with the next question!

Ene: Y-Ye~s. E~rm, then, let’s get it together and move on to the next question! Di-Ding! In the sword battle anime that was a hit in the year 1980, “Fighting Swordsman! Shout, Genjuurou”, what were the last words said to the protagonist Genjuurou by his life-long rival Izaemon?

Ayano: “My friend, let us meet again.”

Ene: Corre~ct!

Ayano: Yay~!

Shintaro: Kuh, so that field is your speciality…?

Ayano: Huhu~n. Just being good at studying won’t cut it!

Ene: You’ve also given an instant answer, as expected~. This series is quite old, but you knew it very well, huh?

Ayano: This anime is really interesting! The scenes where he fights to protect the heroine are cool! Wouldn’t Shintaro understand a little of how girls feel if he watched it?

Shintaro: Gngh…

Ene: Oyaoyaoya~! The fight has gotten exciting, huuh?! Then, let’s continue with the third question! The next will also be a question from an anime series!

Shintaro: What!?

Ayano: Yay!

Ene: No complaining at the proposed questions~. Well, on to the problem! Di-Ding! What’s the item that the protagonist of the super popular anime “Mahou Shoujo ☆ Sister Angel”, Ichigo-chan, uses when transforming?

Shintaro: Pretty ☆ Angelic Rod!!! I got this!!! It’s correct, isn’t it?!!!

Ene: Uuwah… it is, but… this is a late-night anime in which only pretty little girls show up, y’know…?

Ayano: Huun. Even though you normally say that you don’t watch anime, Shintaro, you watch this genre. Heeh~.

Shintaro: iaier—No, I just knew—I just knew it by coincidence! It coincidentally came in the question!

Ayano: Hu~n.

Ene: Myy, as expected of Master~! You’ve gained one point, but it seems you’ve lost something important in exchange, huh~?

Shintaro: What!? “Something important”!? What did I end up losing!?

Ene: Yes, yes, there are sacrifices even in quizzes. Because this is a battle!

Ayano: That’s right, Shintaro. Even if you grin like a madman while watching animes where lots of cute girls appear, Shintaro, if you’re okay with that, then isn’t it fine?

Shintaro: What’s up with that specific way of speaking…?

Ayano: Nothing.

Ene: Now, with Master at a one-point lead, we head to the fourth question! The fastest person will be the one to answer this question~. Please focus! Di-Ding! 5783903 : 469745 = ?

Ayano: 12

Ene: By casting away the decimal points… Huh, eeh!? Correct!

Shintaro: Ayano!? That’s not a matter of input speed… It’s almost like you’ve known the answer since earlier!

Ayano: Huh? I pressed the numbers by mistake, though…

Shintaro: A typo?!!!

Ene: No, no, a win is still a win! This is part of the so-called power of luck~!

Ayano: Is that okay!? Thank you very much! With this, the points are even, right?!

Shintaro: No helping it…

Ene: Both haven’t yielded a single step in this incandescent battle!! Next is the last question~!!

Shintaro: Oh, come at any moment!

Ayano: Let’s do this!

Ene: Then, this one will be impartial, from an information about the latest movie! Last question! Di-Ding! What was the release date of the big-hit romance movie that is currently screening “My and Her Bright Red Eyes”?

Shintaro: Ah? Ain’t this the movie that I got asked for tickets?

Ayano: “Release date”? What day was it again…?

Shintaro: I saw it in the site earlier… If I’m certain… Right! It’s October 20th!

Ene: Pinpon, pinpo~n! Completely correct!

Ayano: Aah… I see… Last Saturday…

Shintaro: This date sort of stayed in my memory.

Ene: It seems this movie has been recording an exceptionally huge hit a week after its release, y’know? It seems it’s not just a romance movie, but also has a mystery and battle aspects. It’s super fun, they say!

Shintaro: Heeh, is it that good a movie…?

Ene: How about you see it in the big screen of a cinema for a change~?

Shintaro: Hn, aah, that’s right. I’ve become used to going outside lately too… Ayano.

Ayano: Hea—Y-Yes!

Shintaro: About the movie that was just mentioned, can I go too?

Ayano: Huwah. SSSSSURE!!! OOOOOOF COURSE!!!!

Shintaro: Why are you getting so high-tension…?

Ene: Oops~! Isn’t it already thi~s late~?! Shall I excuse myself here~? Now you two young ones take it easy…! O~hohoho!

Shintaro: Haah? What’s gotten into her?

Ayano: W-W-What happened, huh~? She was acting weird, wasn’t she~? Ehehe.

Shintaro: You too, what’s been with you since earlier? Actually, about the quiz showdown of a while ago, you took me for a splendid ride, but I ended up winning. Are you not angry anymore?

Ayano: I was never angry~. Ehehehehe. More importantly, I’m looking forward to the movie!

Shintaro: Oh? Oh… I really don’t get very well how girls feel after all…
