# MEKAKUCITY TALKERS 第三十三幕

## 日文原档

略。

## 中文自译

略。

## 英文搬运

Marry, Seto

Marry: Seto, you there?

Seto: What’s up, Marry? Did something happen?

Marry: You see, I have something to ask.

Seto: “Something”? Is it a favor?

Marry: Yup. Can I?

Seto: Of course. If it’s within my reach, I’ll do anything.

Marry: Really? Hum, I want to draw a manga.

Seto: Hm? “Manga”?

Marry: Exactly.

Seto: Marry, you mean that you’ll draw a manga?

Marry: Yup. I wanna write a romance manga.

Seto: “Romance manga”… N-No wa… What kind… of…

Marry: Seto, you were told about it too, right? It’s that one where people fight and go on adventures.

Seto: Aah, Nee-chan talked about it before. She hasn’t read the continuation ever since, though… You want to draw something like that?

Marry: Yup.

Seto: But Marry, a manga seems like a lot of work. Will it be okay?

Marry: I’m praticing, so it’s all right. But I can’t properly write stories. That’s why, Seto, I want you to think of one.

Seto: The manga’s contents, huh? I don’t know whether or not I can give advice.

Marry: Come up with a protagonist, a hero, worldbuilding, synopsis and story.

Seto: No, that’s mostly everything, isn’t it!?

Marry: It’s fine, just think.

Seto: Yes…

---

A few hours later…

Seto: That being said, Marry asked me this favor. I tried coming up with these by myself, but I’m anxious about whether Marry will take a liking of it, so I wanted to ask you all for advice.

Hiyori: That’s not the way to request something.

Seto: Eh? Huh, eh!?

Hiyori: What? Got any complaints?

Seto: H-H-How come you’re here, Hiyori-chan? Isn’t this the boys’ group chatroom?

Hiyori: What weird things are you saying? Even though I responded to you because I was here by coincidence…

Seto: Ah, could it be this is the “Tateyama Family with Asahina Hiyori-chan” chatroom that we made in order to get the family together at the end of the year!?

Hiyori: You came to chat without even confirming that? Isn’t your attention span diffused?

Seto: No, hum… Yes… Not even a sound is coming out of my constricted throat… Erm, I have no excuse for being so frantic out of nowhere, but I just happened to chat here by mistake, so if you could forget about this…

Hiyori: Haah? Are you stupid?

Seto: hie

Hiyori: I’ve listened to your talk up to this point, so it’s just logical that I’d give you advice until the end, isn’t it?

Seto: Eeh!? You’re fine with giving me advice?

Hiyori: I’m saying that I am, right? Well?

Seto: Eh?

Hiyori: Hurry and tell me.

Seto: Erm, about what?

Hiyori: You’re slow, huh. If you thought things out as far as you could, it means that you’ve come here after having decided on the story contents to a certain extent, right? Tell me about them, is what I’m saying.

Seto: Eh, but I haven’t properly pieced it together yet…

Hiyori: It’s fine, just tell me.

Seto: Ah, yes… Hum, the protagonist is a weak-willed boy, but on a certain day, in an unexpected turn of events, he meets a princess that had been locked away in a castle. The two soon fall in l-love. After the protagonist managed to get the princess out somehow, the two depart on an adventurous journey. For now, I haven’t decided on anything beyond this, but its image is like that of a fairytale picture book.

Hiyori: No good.

Seto: eh

Hiyori: No good at all. No more than 0 points. This is nothing but ado over boring stuff.

Seto: No way…! What’s so bad about it?

Hiyori: It’s too ordinary. Moreover, it’s old-styled. Nowadays, a princess locked up in a castle isn’t a trend. Do you think there are women who are only protected by men in this era?

Seto: Eh, no, but…

Hiyori: For starters, why did you make the heroine into a princess?

Seto: About that, hum, I thought it’d be cute.

Hiyori: You dream too much with women.

Seto: Eeh…

Hiyori: Well? What about the worldbuilding?

Seto: I intended to make it into a fantasy one where magic happens in some way…

Hiyori: Boring. Vetoed.

Seto: Hieeh…

Hiyori: There’s no real freshness in anything Isekai. The story has to be something way wittier. That’s right, make the stage into Meiji Era Japan.

Seto: Eh?

Hiyori: The protagonist would be a quiet man in his forties who lost his family in an accident.

Seto: Hold on.

Hiyori: One day, as he’s taking shelter from the rain under the edge of eaves, he meets a beautiful female student. The chests of the two burn with an intense romance that surpasses their age gap—

Seto: I want you to wait a minute!! As expected, that hurdle is too high!!

Hiyori: Throwing the towel because of something like that, how lame.

Seto: No, hum, I just think a more innocent kind of thing is better than this one—

Hiyori: I’m disappointed with you.

Seto: Eh?

Hiyori: I’m thoroughly shocked. Your visions on women, romance and life are too dreamy. You’ll write an interesting story, right? For whose sake is that?

Seto: Ah…

Hiyori: It’s not like you’ve come here just to write about a story that only you will like, right? Then, get rid of your ideals and spread your range of depictions more stoically. Well, if you say that’s impossible, how about you just go apologize to your own princess? About how you’re not cut for this.

Seto: I want…

Hiyori: Hm?

Seto: I want you to teach me more. I was wrong. My goal is to deliver an interesting story and characters to Marry!

Hiyori: Hun. Doesn’t it look like it’ll be worth training you a little? All right. I’ll teach you personally, so if you do things half-assedly, I won’t stand for it.

Seto: I’m in your care…!

Hiyori: Then, firstly about the assembling of the plot…

……
……

---

A few hours later…

Hiyori: Here, the rival makes an appearance at last!

Seto: Ehh, no way! Is it really necessary to have a rival between the happy couple?

Hiyori: A rival is inherent to an impactful romance. It’s obvious that you’ll fail if you only keep imitating a peaceful life.

Seto: I see…! That’ll be a lesson…! Please give me stricter lectures…!

Hiyori: No helping it. My tuition fee is expensive.

Seto: Okay!

……
……

---

A few hours later…

Seto: Finally…! I finally finished the character settings and story outline!!

Hiyori: Well, that’s about it. All that’s left is how to concile them in the art production stage, but the names got passing marks.

Seto: I’m truly indebted to you. I don’t know how to thank you enough…

Hiyori: This cheesiness is unnecessary. What I want to hear are the voices of the public that will one day read this story.

Seto: Teacher…! I’m going to hand this over to Marry! I want to support her so that she’ll become a popular manga author!

Hiyori: Don’t you have a pretty good dream now? Cherish it. I pray for your success.

Seto: Yes!!

---

A few days later…

Seto: Hum, Hiyori-chan, are you there?

Hiyori: You sure have a nerve to call for me. But if this is out of concern for that manga, I welcome you. Speak up.

Seto: No, to tell the truth, when I showed that story to Marry, she liked it very much, and just when she was going to draw it at last, she found that her artisitical skills aren’t caught-up with her ideals and ended up breaking a brush…

Hiyori: Art is a personal battle. Meaning that girl shall continue to battle herself. But I don’t hate this at all.

Seto: That being said, my apologies since you’ve gone through the trouble of helping us out, but turns out we’ve become unable to use this story.

Hiyori: Are you regretting it?

Seto: Eh…? No, it’s something I did for Marry’s sake, so I don’t regret it. But this story is unmistakably interesting, so I kinda feel like it’s a waste…

Hiyori: I’m relieved to hear that.

Seto: Eh?

Hiyori: Can you draw? I’m not talking about ordinary drawings, but about manga.

Seto: Erm, I’ve worked part-time as a manga author’s assistant, so I can draw to some extent.

Hiyori: Then, it’s settled. I’ll be in charge of the original work, and you of the art. Our penname will be, let’s see… Kochouran Kaoruko.

(T/N: “Kochouran” means “moth orchid” and “Kaoruko” means “fragant child”. If read althogether, the whole name means “child of the moth orchid perfume”. It’s worth noting that “Kaoruko” is written here with a rarely used and more intricate version of the kanji “kaoru”. This is one hell of an extravagant name.)

Seto: Eh…

Hiyori: I wonder if I’m also dreaming too much… but I feel that, if it’s with this story, we can aim for the top…

Seto: Don’t tell me…!

Hiyori: I won’t force you. What do you want to do? Hey.

Seto: I’m… It looks like my objective changed without me realizing it.

Hiyori: You… I wonder if you’ve grown up in these few days.

Seto: No, I’m still not there. Once again, I’ll make an effort from the start line. This time, in order to revive that story…!

---

Several months later…

Mekakushi-dan Chatroom

Kano: Hey, anyone knows the romance manga that has been the topic lately?

Shintaro: What’s with you? Got hooked up in a manga again?

Kano: No, no! This isn’t just a manga! It’s the latest new work of Kochouran Kaoruko-sensei, a mysterious manga author that won a prize in the newbie contest of a famous magazine! The bold story and delicate touch of the art match strangely well, y’see~. This is the opening of curtains to a new era in the manga world…!
