# MEKAKUCITY TALKERS 第三十四幕

## 日文原档

略。

## 中文自译

略。

## 英文搬运

Mekakushi-dan Chatroom

???: Come to think of it, today is… Huh? What’s this? The icons ain’t showing.

Kido: What’s up? What? Mine’s being properly displayed.

Momo: What happened? Mine is also properly rendered~.

???: Could it be it’s only me? That’s troubling.

Kido: There might be a bug in the chat.

???: No helping it.

Momo: Erm… who are you?

???: Your Onii-chan.

Momo: Aah, what, it’s Onii-chan?

???: What do you mean by “what”?

Momo: I put myself at disadvantage by using formal speech.

???: You little…

Kido: You siblings sure get along well.

Momo: Please drop it, Danchou-san!

???: My bad, Kido; this kid is hitting puberty.

Momo: Ah~, geez~, shut upp~! But it’s hard to get angry since your icon isn’t the same as always…

???: Indeed, it’s inconvenient. I also don’t get it.

Kido: Well, among the group members, Shintaro is the only one who talks like that, so it’s okay, right?

??? (2): Hey! Wait a moment!

Kido: Hm? There’s someone else whose icon isn’t showing up due to the bug? Who’re you?

???: Well, I’m Shintaro.

Momo: Eh, Onii-chan?

???: What’re you saying? I’m telling you that I’m Shintaro.

??? (2): You too, what nonsense are you talking about?! You’ll make everyone confused!

Kido: There are two Shintaros… you say…!?

Momo: Erm, what’s the meaning of this?

???: Hey, Momo, you can tell, right, that I’m your Onii-chan?

??? (2): No, I’m her Onii-chan.

Momo: Hey, I don’t know either~!

Kido: I see.

Momo: Danchou-san? Have you figured something out?

Kido: Well, it’s a plain story. Simply put, one of them is just pretending to be Shintaro. There’s only one Shintaro, after all.

??? (3): Hey, hey, what’s with this fuss? Impersonating me… Aren’t there some pretty daring bastards here?

Kido: !? Say what…!?

Momo: It can’t be…! There are three Onii-chans…!?

??? (4): Woop, can you hold on a bit? I generally get this situation. It means these guys are pretending to be me.

Kido: A… fourth…?

Momo: Uwah, there are four people like Onii-chan…

??? (3): We’ll finally find out the identity of this party.

??? (2): Yeah… this is a… trial!

??? (4): Who will name himself as the real Shintaro-san?

???: Shall we make clear who’s guilty and who’s innocent…?!

Kido: Ah~, shut up, shut up.

Momo: Gross, gross.

??? (3): Hey! What do you mean by “gross”?!

???: In hypothetically, we’re your Onii-chan!

??? (4): That’s right, that’s right! Your Onii-chan!

??? (2): Take the “gross” back!

Kido: What an irritating exchange.

Momo: But, well, no way that there can be four Onii-chans here. Meaning that three Onii-chans among them are fakes, right?

??? (3): It’s not like I’ve come here to play around, y’know?

??? (4): Out of the people naming themselves “Shintaro”, it’s better for the ones without resolve to confess right now.

???: Interesting; why don’t we do that?!

??? (2): The true Shintaro-san is… me!

Kido: As long as they’re saying all this themselves, we have no choice but figure out which is Shintaro…

Momo: What should we do? How will we eliminate them?

Kido: Let’s see… How about with “Shintaro-san points”?

??? (3): That’s a crude way of dealing with it!

??? (4): But it’s still a method.

???: Looks like I also have no choice but prove the truth myself!

??? (2): A~ll right! I’ll show you that I’m Shintaro-san with my unparalleled conversation powers!

Kido: Ah~, shut up, shut up.

Momo: Gross, gross.

Kido: We’re trying to guess the right one, so why’re you messing around on purpose?

Momo: But the last one is some~how Onii-chan-ish, so I’ll give him a Shintaro-san point.

??? (4): AIGHT!

??? (3): Hey, I’m the smartest, though.

???: But I think there’s more Shintaro-san-ness steeping at the end of all my sentences, though.

??? (2): So I’ve fallen behind… To think I’d do that…

Kido: Well, let’s leave the point system aside as a joke.

Momo: It’s a joke, huh.

Kido: I’ve more or less detected who’re the ones impersonating him. One of them is Kano either way, right?

??? (3): I see.

??? (4): Indeed.

??? (2): You’ve got a point.

???: No mistaking it.

Momo: This talk is so complicated.

Kido: That’s weird. If it were him, once I said, “One is Kano either way”, I thought he’d reveal himself like, “You’re horrible~”.

??? (3): To think she’d calculate that much.

???: Danchou-san, you’re terrifying.

??? (4): Honestly.

??? (2): Hie~~~

Kido: Hey, the last one is starting to get annoying already.

Momo: The four of you don’t have to go through the trouble of replying… But indeed, this feels like something Kano-san would do.

Kido: He’s the most suspicious, after all.

Momo: Other people who would do it are… h~m… Marry-chan still can’t type difficult words… and Seto-san isn’t the type of person who’d do something like this, right?

Kido: Both Seto and Marry are out shopping. Seto forgot his phone in the hideout. The two are eliminated. The ones left are…

Momo: Could it be Hibiya-kun!? Is it Hibiya-kun!?

Kido: Calm down, Kisaragi. It’s not like that’s decided yet!

Momo: If Hibiya-kun turns out like Onii-chan… I… I…

Kido: I get how you feel… but don’t be pessimistic… I totally get how you feel, though…

??? (3): Hey, cut it out.

??? (4): This is the treatment I get for listening quietly?

??? (2): The real one is among us.

???: The real Shintaro-san is a poor thing.

Kido: It’s noon right now. Isn’t Hibiya in the middle of class at school this very moment?

Momo: I see! I’m right at my afternoon break from work, but it’s school time for Hibiya-kun, huh?

Kido: I don’t think he’d be doing something so stupid during class.

Momo: That means it’s also not Hibiya-kun, right?

Kido: Yeah. Anyway, all that’s left is an elimination method. We’ll have the accounts that we find suspicious log out.

??? (3): Isn’t that acting through brute force?

??? (2): Danchou-san is all the more terrifying.

???: I can’t even use to the toilet in peace.

??? (4): I’m already on stand-by, though.

Kido: Hm? Wait. You, the last one who replied just now.

??? (4): What? Me?

Kido: That’s right. Where are you at the moment?

??? (4): Hey, hey, don’t make me say it all. When I said I was on stand-by, I meant in everyone’s resting place, that private spot.

Momo: Ah!

Kido: It seems you’ve realized, Kisaragi.

??? (4): What…?

Momo: Onii-chan’s routine rhythm is the same every day, so he also generally goes to the toilet at a predetermined time… At this hour, Onii-chan is always in his room!

??? (4): Wha…!?

Kido: That’s what it means to slip when you talk. You’re an impostor! Leave!

??? (4): W-W-Wait. Stop.

Kido-san has kicked out ???-san.

Kano: Geez, kicking me out is so mean~. Oh?

Momo: Ah~! Kano-san!

Kido: So it really was you.

Kano: Looks like we go back to our normal accounts when we get kicked out. As expected, I wasn’t knowledgeable of Shintaro-kun’s toilet affairs. I guess this means that… I was too soft with my judgement.

Kido: Three people left, huh… Okay, let’s keep this pace and go looking for the false Shintaros. No, the Faketaros.

??? (3): Why did you correct yourself?

???: Feeling giddy?

??? (2): You’re starting to have fun too, huh?

Kido: That’s not it. I just thought it seemed surprisingly simple.

??? (3): Will it go that smoothly?

???: We’re not as easy as the previous one…

??? (2): He’s the weakest of the Four Heavenly Shintaro Kings…

Kido: Well, you guys also seem to be having fun.

Momo: Somehow… I have a hunch that this kind of thing feels… Onii-chan-ish. I can’t tell for sure, because everyone is so good at it.

Kano: Well, it’s ‘cause we talk so much~, so we can grasp each other’s traits.

Kido: I see. I don’t think there’ll be any more blunders from their way of speaking. Hmph.

Momo: Danchou-san, did you realize something?

Kido: Well, I’ve been curious since a while ago, but about the Shintaro who said, “Will it go that smoothly”, don’t you think they type pretty fast in the chat?

Momo: Indeed… Onii-chan types from his computer, so he’s also fast… but since earlier, one of them has been the first to respond!

??? (3): What of it?

Kido: It wouldn’t mean much if it had been once or twice, but this one is always the first to reply. The only one that can do this is the possessor of the “Stirring” power, who has a virtual body and is able to type just by having it in their mind!

??? (3): !!

Kido: Now, reveal your identity!

??? (3): AAH~~~!!

Kido-san has kicked out ???-san.

Ene: My~, I didn’t imagine that I’d be found out by the speed with which I send chat texts! To think I’d do this… It’s a failure for my whole life!

Kido: So it really was you.

Momo: As expected of Ene-chan! You’re always by Onii-chan’s side so you were exactly like him! I couldn’t tell you apart at all~.

Ene: Well, it’s not like I’m beside him as if I were glued to him, y’know? Nursing Master is my job, after all~. He naturally rubs off on me.

Momo: But with this, it’s just two left, Danchou-san! We’ll end this soon, huh!

Kido: No, I wonder about that…

Momo: Eh?

Kido: Frankly, I had an idea that it was Kano and Ene, but who’s the other person?

???: That’s right, who’re you?

??? (2): And who’re you?

Momo: Indeed… Kano-san and Ene-chan would do something like this, but in the end, no one else among the members who seems like they would do it comes to mind.

Kido: They’re two luck-pushers, after all.

Kano: Hey, what do you mean by that?

Ene: At least call us entertainers!

Kido: Now, leaving aside Seto, Marry, Hibiya and Hiyori, the other two people who can enter and exit this chatroom are… no, wait.

Momo: Danchou-san?

Kido: Konoha has an alibi.

Momo: Eh? What do you mean?

Kido: I just came to the hideout’s living room and Konoha is sleeping here.

Momo: Ah, then he couldn’t have been chatting.

Kido: If so, there’s only one person left.

Momo: Ayano-san!

Kido: Well, Nee-chan has known Shintaro for a long time, after all. Must be easy for her to imitate the way he speaks.

??? (2): So you’re Ayano? Pretty rare for you to be doing something like that, ain’t it?

???: No, you’re Ayano, right? You’ve already been busted, so how about you give your name?

Kido: Indeed, these two have a point in what they’re saying. Judging by Nee-chan’s personality, she’ll likely give her name by the moment we get it right… I see. Until it becomes only one person, that’s how it’ll be? Let’s end this for good.

Momo: Danchou-san, could it be you already know which is the real Onii-chan!?

Kido: Don’t underestimate your leader. I’m probably not wrong.

Momo: That means it’s finally the climax, huh?! It was a long battle…

Kido: Yeah.

???: Please believe me! I’m the real Shintaro!

??? (2): I’m begging! I can’t have you say that I’m not Shintaro over something like this!

Kido: The false Shintaro is… you, the one who replied second just now!

??? (2): Hey…! Wait up! I’m the real one! For starters, you got any proof to back up that I’m a fake?!

Kido: It’s simple. You’re too Shintaro-like, so you reek of lies. You seem suspicious instead.

??? (2): No, what’s with that motive?! I wanna hurry and be done with this already!

Kido: Which is why you’re a fake! Admit it!

??? (2): Wait a min

Ayano: Everyone, you seem to be having fun, huh? What’re you doing?

Kido-san has kicked out ???-san.

Kido: Eh? Nee-chan?

Shintaro: Hey! Didn’t I tell you I was the real one?! Also, what’s with that about being “too Shintaro-like”?! It’s just that this was getting annoying!

Momo: Huh?

Kano: What’s the meaning of this? Nee-chan came before he was kicked out, right?

Ayano: Eh? What? What happened? Was I not supposed to have come here?

Ene: No, it’s not like that, but…

Momo: Erm? So this means…

Kido: Who was that… just now?
