# MEKAKUCITY TALKERS 第三十五幕

## 日文原档

略。

## 中文自译

略。

## 英文搬运

Mekakushi-dan Chatroom

Ene: Everyone, oissu the~re! Today, too, this hyper miraculously pretty virtual girl Ene-chan will rouse up the chatroom~!!

Kido: Aah. It’s you, Ene?

Ene: Huh, Danchou-san, isn’t there anyone but you here? You’re being a cool beauty as always, huuh. Isn’t it okay for you to at least reply with “oissu”~?

Kido: What’s that about replying with “oissu”? For starters, why did this become a thing? It’s an abominable custom.

Ene: You don’t have to be so against it… E~rm, let’s see~, it seems Master started saying this back when we started using this chatroom.

Kido: Isn’t that from over half a year ago already?

Ene: My~, thinking about it this way, we sure use this chat a lot, huh? One way or another, isn’t everyone making practical use of it~?

Kido: Indeed. I won’t deny that it’s convenient.

Ene: When the chat was opened, I’d thought that we’d soon get tired of it anyway. Unexpectedly, we make plans to go have fun in this chat and we’re enjoying it, huh~?!

Kido: This group has many members who prefer to be indoors, so that’s good sometimes. I didn’t have many chances to see the logs, but there are quite a few conversations left.

Ene: Someti~mes it’s interesting to look back on them huh~? Aah, but the first times were terrible. Master and Kano took those terrible photos in a meadow. They’re dangerous people.

Kano: Eh? You called?

Shintaro: Being popular is trouble. We end up in the center of any topic.

Ene: I didn’t call you. I’ve thought this every time, but you wait for the timing to come in, don’t you?

Shintaro: No one could talk in this chat if we were gone.

Kano: Exactly.

Kido: You guys are really free at all times.

Kano: Well~, but until now, a lot has happened, huh?

Shintaro: I get nostalgic seeing the logs.

Ene: No, in your case, isn’t it mostly dark history?

Kido: Shintaro, you… took obscene pictures in a meadow… did something foul in a park filled with flower-viewing attendees… ordered me to go to your toilet with toilet paper…

Ene: Uwawawah… that’s an unholy pervert.

Shintaro: Whoa there, can you quit using terms that create misunderstandings? Besides, Kano was with me when I took the obscene pictures.

Kano: Hold on, hold on; don’t talk like I’m an accomplice. I was just frolicking a bit back then…

Shintaro: Right, summer made us go crazy.

Ene: No, it wasn’t summer back then.

Shintaro: You say that but what about you? Don’t you have one or two examples of dark history?

Ene: No, no, I have left only tales of bravery! I swiftly rescued a helpless boy who was seeking salvage with this genius brain of mine.

Kido: And, with that as the trigger, Hibiya decided to live in the woods…

Ene: No, no, that was definitely not my fault, right!?

Kano: It was mainly Seto’s. It’s great that Hibiya-kun was able to safely go back to being a person.

Kido: He was close to leading life in the wild, after all…

Kano: Being able to talk to people who are far away the chat’s real thrill.

Shintaro: No, no, wait, wait. Ene is also supposed to have a magnificently dark history too.

Ene: Eeh~? Isn’t that impossible~?

Shintaro: What’s with that suggestive way of talking? Could it be that you…

Kano: I see. It’s also possible for her to manually erase the chat’s conversations.

Kido: Meaning that she erased her dark history herself, so to say…

Shintaro: That’s dirty…!

Ene: Huhuhu… I’m not stupid enough to leave behind any embarrassing convos. I’m not Master, after all.

Shintaro: Kuh…

Kido: But with this, it’s explained. Logs were vanishing in unnatural ways every sometimes because someone was deleting them manually.

Ene: Ah~, there are times every now and then that they disappear without a trace!

Kano: When we’re talking, too, there are times when I go, “Huh? Something’s off”.

Kido: Well, if you’re living, mysterious things are bound to happen.

Ene: That’s right~

Kano: Right~?

Shintaro: No, your level of adaptability is too high! Don’t “right~?” me. Be more bewildered.

Ene: No, you can’t say that to me. Because if I start digging into mysterious things, I’ll end up at, “What even is my existence in the first place?”

Kido: You’ve been too familiar with this form lately, to the point you’re serving as an AI assistant.

Ene: Kuuh~, spicy~!

Kano: Yo! Leader!

Shintaro: I’m numb~!

Kido: It was a joke.

Ene: Yeah, yeah, this! This is it!

Shintaro: What?

Ene: Danchou-san carefreely telling a joke like this is thanks to us continuously having conversations in this chat!

Kido: Indeed, the conversations have increased in comparison to a while ago…?

Shintaro: We might’ve grown used to these exchanges.

Kano: True, we’re all poor talkers. We can’t speak looking at the other party in the face, so these situations where we’re able to chat like this might be vital.

Kido: You talk non-stop on your own accord, don’t you?

Kano: I don’t mean that~

Kido: Well, I get what you want to say. The chat is useful. Like for asking Seto to get stuff that we forgot to buy when he’s clocking out of his part-time jobs.

Shintaro: That?

Ene: But thanks to this chat, it’s certain that we got to know unexpected sides of everyone, huh?!

Shintaro: You have a point. At first, I was like, “To think that I’d be in a chat with people I can go see anytime”, but when I look over the conversations left in the log, it makes me realize that memories pile up like this.

Ene: master’s wwwww sorrow wwwww

Shintaro: You bastard.

Kido: Now, Shintaro has summarized things with a gross feeling to it, shall I go start preparing dinner or something?

Kano: Do your best~

Kido: You should help out sometimes too.

Shintaro: Then, are we dismissed?

Ene: Huh? Everyone, you’re leaving already?

Kido: What? It’s rare for you to talk like you’re trying to stop us.

Shintaro: Even you have a bit of cuteness in yourself, huh?

Kano: We’ll soon come back either way to talk about silly stuff like always. This is what this chat is about, right?

Kido: No doubt.

Ene: Well~, this is a bit hard to say with such a timing, but…

Shintaro: What is it?

Ene: It seems this chatroom’s administration will end next week, y’know?

Kano: Eh?

Kido: Ha?

Shintaro: HAAH!?
